Best Regards:
MR. DEEPESH MAJIGAMKAR
Mob:- + 91 9730358718 (whatsapp) // +91 9156366155
Teams/Skype:deepeshmajigamkar@hotmail.com
Email:
chartering@varitasnavigation.com
Website:-
www.varitasnavigation.com
From:
WCS Media <media@waltercuminns.com>
Sent:
08 January 2026 10:27
To:
\'WCS Media\' <media@waltercuminns.com>
Subject:
WCS News Letter - Shipping Industry & Baltic Index updates
Dear Sir/Madam,
Good day,
Greetings from Walter Cuminns
We are pleased to share the latest editions of the
WCS Newsletter – January 2026, featuring the Daily Shipping Industry Updates and Baltic Index Insights,
covering vessel movements, freight trends, and maritime developments from key global ports.
At Walter Cuminns, we take pride in delivering timely, precise, and real-time shipping intelligence, ensuring transparent communication and seamless assistance for vessels calling at all Indian seaports.
We take immense pride in introducing the scope of our specialized services:
Key Services:
Port Agency • Protective Agency • Vessel Husbandry • Cargo Operations • Vessel Broking • Vessel Clearance • Dry Docking • Bunker Coordination • Cargo Supervision • S&P Broking • Chartering • Cargo Broking • Crew Manning • CTM Delivery • Husbandry & Repairs • Crew Change Operations • Visa / Immigration Formalities • Travel & Ticketing • Owners’ Matters • Spare Delivery • Fresh Water & Provision Delivery
Global Presence:
India • Sri Lanka • Egypt • Singapore • UAE • Bangladesh • Spain • Gibraltar • Malta (covering all major seaports)
About Walter Cuminns Group :
Walter Cuminns Group (WCG), established in 2021, has swiftly risen as a paragon of maritime service excellence, distinguishing itself in the competitive realm of shipping and logistics. With a strategic presence across key global locations including India, Sri Lanka, Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore, Egypt, UAE, Bangladesh, and Spain, WCG has become synonymous with unparalleled service delivery, innovation, and client satisfaction in the maritime industry. Headquartered in Cochin, India, the Walter Cuminns Group has swiftly ascended to the pinnacle of the shipping and maritime industry. Renowned for its unparalleled service quality and unwavering transparency, the group has distinguished itself as a beacon of trust and excellence.
Walter Cummins Shipping Services
has rapidly expanded its global footprint, proudly serving
723+ vessels worldwide
. With a
specialized team of 32 professionals
, we ensure unwavering support to vessels of every category across Indian ports. Our group encompasses distinct divisions:
Walter Cuminns Shipping Services
– Core Shipping Agency Division
Walter Cummins Holidays
– Travel & Tourism Division
Walter Cummins Crewing
– Crew Manning & Placement Division
Astaria Port Desk
– Disbursements & Agency Appointments
Cargo Broking, Chartering & S&P Broking
– Cargo and Vessel Commercial Services
Awards & Recognitions
Our commitment to excellence has been widely recognized through numerous prestigious accolades, including:
“Top Ten Startups to Watch – 2023”
by Innovative Magazine
“Emerging Player of the Year – 2022”
by the Indian Port Association
“10 Fastest Growing Companies to Watch”
by Inner Review Magazine
“10 Promising Shipping Agencies – 2023
”
by Silicon India
“Pride of Bharat”
Award – 2024
by IBARC
“Atal Achievement Award – Best Emerging Shipping Agency 2024”
by Topnotch Foundation
“Most Promising Maritime Solution Brand – 2025”
by Corporate Connect
“Most Trusted Brand – Emerging Shipping Company in India 2025”
by Iconic Business Achievements Summit
“Shipping Agency of the Year – 2023
”
at the Global & India Business Leader Awards
(
References:
Innovative Zone
|
Inner Review
|
Tribune India
|
ANI News
|
Tribune – Iconic Summit 2025
)
Trusted Brand of the Year
We deeply value the trust placed in us by shipowners, charterers, operators, and ship management companies worldwide. With our
cost-effective, 24/7 operational support
, we aspire to extend the same commitment to your esteemed organization.
Emergency Assistance – Vessel Agency Desk 24x7
For any immediate assistance, our
Vessel Agency Desk
is available round the clock:
agency@waltercuminns.com
|
operations@waltercuminns.com
|
wcops@waltercuminns.com
We look forward to the honour of your kind consideration.
Best Regards,
Abil John
Digital Marketing
Mob: +91 – 70123 79631
Walter Cuminns Shipping Services
(As Agents only)
www.waltercuminns.com
OFFICES IN INDIA : Kandla I Mundra I Kolkata l Haldia I Vizag I Cochin I Vizhinjam
HUB OFFICES        : UAE I MALAYASIA I SINGAPORE I INDONESIA I SRILANKA I PAKISTAN I BANGLADESH
Walter Cuminns Shipping Services provides ship agency and other broking services as “agent /broker only”. Walter Cuminns Shipping Services acts on behalf of shipping principals/buyers/sellers in an agent/broker-only capacity. The shipping principals/buyers/sellers remain fully liable for the acts undertaken by Walter Cuminns Shipping Services during the course of the agency work/broking services.
This message (including any attachment) is intended solely for the addressee and is strictly confidential. If you are not the addressee, please do not read, print, re-transmit, store or act in reliance on its contents or any attachments. Please permanently delete it immediately after emailing it back to the sender.