10 reasons to join the 10th edition of Breakbulk Middle East
Best Regards:
MR. DEEPESH MAJIGAMKAR
Mob:- + 91 9730358718 (whatsapp) // +91 9156366155
Teams/Skype:deepeshmajigamkar@hotmail.com
Email:
chartering@varitasnavigation.com
Website:-
www.varitasnavigation.com
From:
Ben Blamire (Breakbulk Middle East) <ben.blamire@events.breakbulk.com>
Sent:
13 January 2026 11:36
To:
chartering@varitasnavigation.com
Subject:
10 reasons to join the 10th edition of Breakbulk Middle East
Don\'t miss this milestone event | 4-5 February 2026
Hi DEEPESH,
As we approach the
10th anniversary of Breakbulk Middle East
, I wanted to share
10 key reasons
why this milestone edition is not to be missed. To attend this landmark edition,
complimentary registration is available
here
.
1. Expert-led content that matters
Access high-quality conference content focused on the real challenges and opportunities shaping the breakbulk and project cargo market.
Explore the agenda now
.
2. Build valuable new connections
Meet over 11,000 industry professionals from across the supply chain and create relationships that lead to real business opportunities.
3. Discover the latest innovations and insights
Stay ahead with new technologies, heavy-lift solutions, and best practices transforming project logistics.
4. Tap directly into major regional projects
Connect with stakeholders involved in active and upcoming projects across energy, infrastructure, and industrial development.
5. Meet exhibitors from across the globe
Engage with
over 200 international exhibitors
, including 90 first-time companies, showcasing solutions from across the breakbulk industry.
6. Connect face-to-face with shippers
Meet cargo owners and shippers who are planning, sourcing, and moving complex and oversized cargo.
7. Enhance your knowledge at focused workshops
Dive deeper into key topics such as
Chartering, Heavy Lift and AI through practical workshops
designed to deliver actionable takeaways. These can be added to your ticket during registration.
8. Network at exclusive industry events
Spark meaningful conversations at networking activities and social events such as the Golf Day and the Women in Breakbulk Luncheon. Discover what else we have in store
here
.
9. Maximise your time with the event app
Schedule meetings in advance, access the attendee list, explore exhibitors, and navigate the floorplan - all on your phone. You can
download the app here
.
10. Experience Dubai - a global logistics hub
Do business in one of the world’s most connected cities, while enjoying Dubai’s hospitality, culture, and innovation.
Don’t miss the opportunity to celebrate
10 years of connecting the Middle East’s mega projects
with the global breakbulk community.
Register for free
.
I look forward to welcoming you in
Dubai, 4–5 February 2026
.
Best regards,
Ben Blamire
Event Director, Breakbulk Middle East
Copyright © 2026
Hyve Group Limited
. All Rights Reserved.
Hyve Group takes your privacy seriously – you can read about this in our
Privacy Notice
. We use your personal information to provide the services you have requested from us and for other carefully considered
legitimate business purposes.
This includes sending you marketing communications and advertising about our events as well as information and publications which we think would be of interest to you. You have the right to object to this processing. View a list of the events organised by Hyve Group
here
.
Hyve Group Limited, The Studios, 2 Kingdom Street, London, UK W2 6JG, UK
Unsubscribe
Manage preferences