NSI Daily Market Report 15/12/2025
Best Regards:
MR. DEEPESH MAJIGAMKAR
Mob:- + 91 9730358718 (whatsapp) // +91 9156366155
Teams/Skype:deepeshmajigamkar@hotmail.com
Email:
chartering@varitasnavigation.com
Website:-
www.varitasnavigation.com
From:
Nautical Supply International (NSI) DMCC <carolina@nauticalsupply.co.uk>
Sent:
15 December 2025 18:01
To:
Deepesh Majigamkar <chartering@varitasnavigation.com>
Subject:
NSI Daily Market Report 15/12/2025
Hi Deepesh
We opened flat following losses last week.
Last week, OPEC had said in its monthly report that global oil demand will rise by approximately 1.4 million barrels per day next year, which will be supported by solid economic growth; this demand forecast is unchanged from last month. In OPEC\'s Monthly Oil Market Report, the cartel continues to stick with its expectations that there will be robust demand growth in 2026 that will exceed the estimated increase for 2025 of around 1.3 million barrels per day, going against expectations by other forecasters, analysts, and investment banks. The report also suggested that the group anticipates a balanced market next year based on its figures of supply and demand: crude oil demand from OPEC+ producers is expected to hit 43 million barrels per day in 2026, up by 60,000 barrels per day compared to its projection for 2025. Meanwhile, compared to the available secondary sources in OPEC\'s report, crude oil production within the cartel had averaged at 43.06 million barrels per day in November, seeing an increase by 43,000 barrels per day from October. Additionally, the group also expects that non-OPEC rival oil supply will see growth of around 1 million barrels per day in 2025 and will only grow by around 600,000 barrels per day in 2026. The rise in non-OPEC+ output is likely to be driven by offshore start-ups throughout Latin America and the Gulf of Mexico, Argentina\'s tight oil production, increased NGLs production in the United States, and the oil sands projects in Canada scaling up. Overall, non-OPEC+ growth is projected to be led by Latin America, accounting for around two-thirds of the output growth, followed by Canada and the US. This projection isn\'t new for OPEC, but it does reiterate the cartel\'s view that oil production growth will slow down next year in the US; signals in the shale patch and from industry executives have started to emerge which suggests that if West Texas Intermediate crude oil prices reaches below the $60 per barrel mark, America\'s shale growth will slow down. Notably, OPEC+ producers have decided to pause their monthly production increases after December, for the first quarter of 2026 due to the perspective that demand is generally weaker at the start of every year. Despite the fact that OPEC+ continues to hold a positive perspective that the market is balanced - with robust demand to support output increases - the cartel\'s latest report did little to alleviate concerns regarding that the market oversupplied. The looming global glut continues to weigh heavily on market sentiment and has putting pressure on oil prices.
Official data cited by Reuters showed that Chinese refiners had processed 14.86 million barrels daily of crude oil in November, hitting a total at 60.83 million tons, seeing a 39% increase. The daily average in November was slightly less compared to the amount processed in October - which the refinery throughput had averaged at 14.94 million barrels a day - likely due to maintenance that had caused 1.2 million barrels daily in capacity to go offline in November, according to Kpler senior oil analyst Muyu Xu. Whilst some refineries underwent maintenance, China\'s independent refiners had boosted their runs after new import quotas had been issued, which will likely cause throughput rated to remain robust in December, added Xu quoted by Reuters. “Looking ahead, we expect December throughput to remain largely stable from November levels, as maintenance at state-owned refineries continues while teapots further lift run rates,” stated Xu. Moreover, Chinese refiners had processed 4% more crude oil, reaching a total of 675.07 million tons, over the course of January to November compared to last year. However, this data has prompted doubts over claims that China\'s oil demand growth has been experiencing an irreversible slowdown. These doubts have been deepened after Reuters reported that China has booked a 1.7% increase in domestic oil production on the year, to 198.25 million tons. China had produced 17.63 million tons of crude oil in November alone, up by 2.2% on November 2024, and its average oil production has jumped to 4.3 million barrels daily this year from 3.8 million barrels daily in 2020. Despite the significant increase in production, China continues to heavily rely on imports, accounting for between 70% to 75% of its consumption. It should also be mentioned that China has been stockpiling crude oil at a daily rate of roughly 1 million barrels this year whilst also building new storage capacity; China\'s strong reliance on imports is largely the reason why it has rushed to stockpile crude whilst prices are trending at a low range. Across the country, a total of 11 new storage sites will be built which will add a combined capacity of around 169 million barrels. However, news of additional barrels hitting the market isn\'t likely to be warmly welcomed as we approach the anticipated global glut.
Reuters estimates showed that Russia’s shipments of refined petroleum products had dropped by 0.8% in November compared to shipments in October. Ukrainian drone strikes on refineries in southern Russia and the Black Sea oil port of Tuapse had managed to stunt fuel exports from the Black Sea export terminals in November. The damage to the port of Tuapse\'s infrastructure causing it to suspend its fuel exports for half of the month, and an attack on Novorossiysk had also led to a slump in crude/ fuel shipments. This had caused Russia’s fuel exports from the ports on the Black Sea and Azov Sea to decrease by 30.2% month-on-month, settling to 2.062 million tons in November, according to Reuters calculations and data from industry sources. However, the decrease in exports from the Black Sea ports had been offset by a rise in shipments from Baltic Sea terminals, which had risen by 20.6% from October to 4.697 million tons in November, particularly after Russian energy firm Novatek had restored its gas condensate complex to full capacity at the Ust-Luga port after Novatek’s Ust-Luga complex had been damaged by a Ukrainian drone attack in August. The company had been repairing it for several months before finally being able to restore it to its full capacity in November. As buyers had assessed the implications and risks that’s associated with the latest US sanctions on Russia\'s two oil majors, Russia\'s oil exports (including crude and fuels) had dropped by around 420,000 barrels per day to 6.9 million barrels per day in total during November, said the IEA in its monthly report last week. Last month, Russian oil revenues had been cut to $11 billion, down by $3.6 billion in 2024, due to the drop in crude and fuel shipments in November, coupled with the combination of weaker oil prices and widening discounts for Russia’s flagship Urals crude grade, added the IEA.
Full detailed market report, click link below:
NSI Daily Market Report 15/12/2025
DISCLAIMER:
The information in this e-mail and any attachments is confidential and is intended solely for the use of the intended recipient(s). If you are not the intended recipient, you must not use, disclose, distribute, copy, print, or rely on this e-mail. If you have received this e-mail in error, please advise the sender by return e-mail and delete all copies of this message and any attachments from your systems. Please do not print this e-mail unless you really need to. Help to protect our environment.
Juniper Court, Boxwell Road • Berkhamsted, Herts HP4 3ET • United Kingdom •
Click here
to unsubscribe.
View this email in your browser