Bunker Intel : Market Survey Results
Best Regards:
MR. DEEPESH MAJIGAMKAR
Mob:- + 91 9730358718 (whatsapp) // +91 9156366155
Teams/Skype:deepeshmajigamkar@hotmail.com
Email:
chartering@varitasnavigation.com
Website:-
www.varitasnavigation.com
From:
Nautical Supply International (NSI) Ltd <mike@nauticalsupply.co.uk>
Sent:
05 January 2026 20:32
To:
Deepesh Majigamkar <chartering@varitasnavigation.com>
Subject:
Bunker Intel : Market Survey Results
Hi Deepesh
Welcome to 2026, Thanks for all your responses to the market survey. Paul has already sent out his Q1 Market forecast today to express our market opinion for the coming months.
The results of the survey are very interesting in that it seems there are certain areas where there is a clear consensus among you all and other items with hugely differing opinions.
Q1 -
Brent Crude Oil: What is your price forecast for Brent crude oil per barrel (in USD) for the end of 1Q 2026?
A slim majority of you forecast that crude will be trading higher than today\'s Brent levels - but i must caveat this with the vast majority of these opinions were expressed before the escalation of the situation in Venezuela.
2. VLSFO (Very Low Sulphur Fuel Oil): What is your price forecast for VLSFO per metric ton (in USD) in the port of Singapore for the end of 1Q 2026?
Again a very diverse range of opinions but you have Singapore VLSFO largely in a range of $400-500pmt seeing some price increase from current levels.
3. LSMGO (Low Sulphur Marine Gasoil): The spread today is around $200pmt  What do you predict the price differential (spread) between VLSFO and LSMGO will be in 1Q 2026 at Singapore?
A $150-250 spread again representing a marginal increase from current levels.
4.  LNG (Liquefied Natural Gas): What is your price forecast for LNG as a marine fuel (in USD per MMBtu) for 1Q 2026? Today is around $11.5 in Singapore.
LNG is clearly seen as undervalued with the majority of you expecting higher pricing in 2026, possibly you were considering Europe switching from Russian supply combined with a potentially cold winter resulted in increased demands.
5. EU Regulations: What do you believe will be the most significant impact of the full implementation of the EU Emissions Trading System (ETS) for shipping in 2026?
Alternative fuels and slow steaming lead the way on this question.
6. Geopolitical Instability: To what extent do you expect geopolitical events (e.g., conflicts in the Red Sea, Russia-Ukraine war) to influence bunker prices in Q1 2026?
These answers were given before US intervention in Venezuela and i wonder if your opinions would be much different now. It appears the period of geopolitical instability is certainly not over with oil producing nations still making the headlines. At NSI our opinion has not changed that this is where some of the biggest risks for 2026 lay.
7. Global Economic Outlook: How would you describe your outlook for global economic growth in 1Q 2026, and its subsequent impact on shipping demand and fuel consumption?
About a third of you are expecting either strong growth or significant decline, NSI expects market growth this year in the region of 2% as we forecast the economic growth being offset to some degree by more fuel efficient vessels.
8. Future Fuel Mix: In 1Q 2026, which fuel do you believe will see the largest increase in market share for the global fleet (excluding conventional fossil fuels)?
We completely agree - Biofuels certainly have the edge for short term demand for compliance purposes, with LNG following up.
9. Dual-Fuel Engine Adoption: What is your expectation for the adoption rate of newbuilds with dual-fuel engine capabilities in 1Q 2026?
This is an interesting result when considering that the IMO NZF vote leaves us in a state of long term planning paralysis until we have some clarity. We are seeing and expect the trend to continue the trend of \'Alt fuel ready\' class notations for new builds. The \'ready\' status in a lot of cases only inferring that a plan has been considered how a vessel may be converted to an alternative fuel, not that it is mechanically ready. Personally i don\'t see a vote for NZF passing this year either, It is clear that various political powers around the world are focused on lowest price possible energy security.
10. Most Promising Alternative: Which alternative marine fuel do you believe holds the most promise for widespread adoption by 2030?
By 2030 we largely agree with the results below in that there will be a more fragmented market offering a variety of options. However we do not see Hydrogen being a viable option in the next 4 years and think this is a much more long term option.
11. Mediterranean ECA: What impact do you foresee the new Mediterranean Emission Control Area (ECA) having on fuel choices in the region in 1Q 2026?
Non-compliance got more votes than I expected! but the majority of respondents going for gasoil.
12. Market Sentiment: What is your overall sentiment for the marine fuels market in 1Q 2026?
We largely agree with the respondents here - despite many changes to the market this year such as Red iii and the implementation of MFM in Rotterdam, however we do see the probability again of significant periods of volatility fueled by geopolitics and the possibility of cargo constraints whether that be by sanctions or trade tariffs.
13.Strategic Focus: For a shipowner or operator, what do you believe should be the primary strategic focus in 1Q 2026 to manage fuel costs and compliance?
We were not suprised to see a range of responses here. Ultimately a one size fits all approach will not work. we assist customers with a range of strategies that best fit their profile for the most efficient outcomes.
Did you know 20% of NSI\'s work comes from consultancy. This ranges from:
Advisory services on setting up trading companies
Specialist future fuels studies
Interpreting current and future legislation and how to save money whilst being compliant
Sourcing of products for physical suppliers
Hedging services for physical suppliers
In a more complex fuel market we have the expertise not only to source your bunkers but to fill the knowledge gaps you have internally without giving away autonomy of your purchasing. This is the key differentiator between NSI and a buying collective. You remain in control and we act as an extension of you.
Best Regards
DISCLAIMER:
The information in this e-mail and any attachments is confidential and is intended solely for the use of the intended recipient(s). If you are not the intended recipient, you must not use, disclose, distribute, copy, print, or rely on this e-mail. If you have received this e-mail in error, please advise the sender by return e-mail and delete all copies of this message and any attachments from your systems. Please do not print this e-mail unless you really need to. Help to protect our environment.
Juniper Court, Boxwell Road • Berkhamsted, Herts HP4 3ET • United Kingdom •
Click here
to unsubscribe.
View this email in your browser