NSI Daily Market Report 30/12/2025
Best Regards:
MR. DEEPESH MAJIGAMKAR
Mob:- + 91 9730358718 (whatsapp) // +91 9156366155
Teams/Skype:deepeshmajigamkar@hotmail.com
Email:
chartering@varitasnavigation.com
Website:-
www.varitasnavigation.com
From:
Nautical Supply International (NSI) DMCC <carolina@nauticalsupply.co.uk>
Sent:
30 December 2025 17:43
To:
Deepesh Majigamkar <chartering@varitasnavigation.com>
Subject:
NSI Daily Market Report 30/12/2025
Hi Deepesh
We have opened flat this morning after yesterday’s gains.
New data from the US Energy Information Administration (EIA) has shown that crude oil inventories in the United States had increased by 0.4 million barrels in the week ending on the 19th of December, after its inventories had held almost flat in the week prior. The EIA data had been released slightly later than usual due to the Christmas holiday, but it does follow API\'s estimates from earlier in the week. The modest build in the EIA data totals commercial crude stockpiles to 424.8 million barrels, remaining around 3% below the five-year average for this time of year, whereas API\'s estimates had pointed to a slightly larger build in US crude inventories. The EIA had also reported that total motor gasoline inventories have increased by 2.9 million barrels on the week and that average daily gasoline production has jumped to 9.8 million barrels per day, overall pushing stockpiles a little over the five-year average for this time of the year. Whilst the production for middle distillates had averaged to 5.3 million barrels per day, seeing an increase by 108,000 barrels per day, its inventories had risen by 200,000 barrels; middle distillate inventories had remained roughly 5% the five-year seasonal average regardless of the small build. For this time of year, refinery activity has slightly eased week over week but had remained elevated as US refineries had processed crude oil at an average of 16.8 million barrels per day. This is down by 212,000 barrels per day from the previous week as utilization had slipped to 94.6% of operable capacity. Over the last four weeks, the total products supplied had averaged at 20.5 million barrels per day, down by 0.8% compared to the same period last year. Keeping in mind that total products supplied are a proxy for US oil demand, demand for gasoline had averaged 8.7 million barrels per day over that period, down by 1.9% year over year - distillate demand averaged at 3.9 million barrels per day, down by 0.4% - and the jet fuel that was supplied had dropped by 3.1% over the four-week period compared to last year, which has highlighted the continued softness in travel-related fuel consumption. This EIA report had been released shortly after oil prices had closed over 2% higher in the previous session, the spike in prices caused by rising geopolitical tensions and risk. Notably, in early Asian trade this morning, West Texas Intermediate benchmarks had dropped to $57.77, seeing a 0.53% decline as traders take the time to digest the new data and analyze the best steps going forward.
Bloomberg had reported on Monday that Chevron has unloaded Venezuelan crude oil at US ports under its existing Treasury license, though the publication didn’t disclose the number of cargoes that have been involved or the timing of deliveries. This is happening despite of the fact that the United States has been increasing its pressure on Venezuelan oil flows, enforcing actions to disrupt other Venezuelan export routes, on top of clamping down on unauthorized shipments. Chevron has been operating through joint ventures with state oil company PDVSA under terms that limit proceeds to debt repayment, rather than providing direct revenue for the Venezuela\'s government, and is the only US oil company that currently has permission to produce and export crude form Venezuela. Chevron typically ships its Venezuelan crude cargoes to the US Gulf Coast refineries which are configured to process heavy sour crude. Since these complex refiners have limited replacement options, the access to those grades is crucial, particularly as supply from other producers with similar crude qualities can’t be accessed due to sanctions. For this reason, the Trump administration has preserved Chevron\'s license whilst prioritising its goal to cut off oil pathways into Venezuela for unauthorised exports, utilising heavy enforcement and interdictions rather than implementing new sanctions. It should also be noted that the Chevron-linked cargoes had been able to discharge at US ports at the same time that the US decided to intensify its interdictions that targets Venezuelan oil flows outside of approved channels. This action and timing have drawn a clear distinctive line, splitting an oil trade between Chevron\'s licensed operations to exports that are handled by traders/ intermediaries that don’t have US authorization. As a result, approximately $900 million worth of Venezuelan crude has been forcibly stranded at sea, according to estimates cited by Oilprice, as tankers scramble in order to try secure ports, buyers, financing, or insurance. It has been reported that several cargoes have been delayed for several weeks or left idling offshore; the intensive US crackdown has pushed traders to reconsider their legal exposure as well as causing counterparties to raise their stakes, leaving suppliers and buyers struggling to navigate this situation.
Moreover, the US blockade has cut off shipments and filled up storage space, forcing Venezuela to begin shutting down wells that pump extra-heavy crude, reported Bloomberg citing sources that has knowledge of PDVSA\'s plans. Two days ago, the state oil firm PDVSA - the main handler of Venezuela\'s crude exports, most of which is exported to China - had started to disable producing wells in the Orinoco Belt after the decision to do so was agreed upon on the 23rd of December. PDVSA plans to shut down roughly 500,000 barrels per day from the Orinoco Belt, cutting its output by around 25%, and around 1.1 million barrels per day, or 15% of Venezuela\'s total crude oil production. The first wells to be shut down will be the ones that are pumping extra heavy crude in the Orinoco Belt and Junin, to be followed by some wells in the Ayacucho and Carabobo regions that produces less heavy crude. Since the US blockade has squeezed crude shipments on sanctioned vessels, Venezuela\'s trade routes to China have become unfeasible to use, resulting in storage capacity and inventories to overflow and a significant amount of revenue being lost. The blockade has also targeted naphtha shipments to Venezuela which has reduced the PDVSA’s capacity to dilute the extra-heavy crude and make it suitable to export via pipelines. However, this may potentially change since US Gulf Coast refineries rely on heavy crude since they aren’t configured to process other grades and sanctions have made it difficult to find alternative suppliers.
The latest US sanctions on Russia\'s oil majors Lukoil and Rosneft have caused its crude oil shipments to India to decline to the lowest level in just over three years. Considering the fact that earlier in the year, the United States hadn’t been hesitant to place secondary sanctions on India for its continued purchases of Russian energy commodities, Indian refiners appear to be avoiding similar punishments and are seeking to source non-sanctioned Russian supply. In December, India is expected to import 1.1 million barrels per day of Russian crude, according to vessel-tracking data from Kpler cited by Bloomberg, which is significantly less compared to the estimated 1.84 million barrels per day in November. Since the sanction had been announced, the majority of Indian refiners had begun to slow down their Russian crude imports, halting purchases from the two sanctioned entities. Now they have turned to non-sanctioned Russian supply and alternative cargoes from the Middle East, the Americas, and a smaller amount from West Africa - likely at least until they find a way around the current restrictions. All but two Indian refiners hadn’t placed orders for Russian crude for December after the US sanctions, with India’s largest state-held refiner, Indian Oil Corporation (IOC), vowing to fully comply with sanctions; in the first quarter of 2026, IOC is also looking to buy 24 million barrels of crude oil from the Americas in order to replace lost Russian supply. Russia has lost a significant amount of revenue from its energy sector, particularly after losing one of its top buyers (for the most part), to the extent that Russia\'s funding for its war with Ukraine could dry up. However, Russian oil flows will potentially be able to somewhat rebound in early 2026 as its non-sanctioned crude can still flow to India, its second biggest oil buyer. Since it appears unlikely that the sanctions on Russia’s energy industry will be lifted anytime soon after the latest reports indicating that the progress of the peace deal talks have fallen through, exports through non-sanctioned suppliers may be enough to keep Russia afloat for the foreseeable short/mid-term outlook.
Full detailed market report, click link below:
NSI Daily Market Report 30/12/2025
DISCLAIMER:
The information in this e-mail and any attachments is confidential and is intended solely for the use of the intended recipient(s). If you are not the intended recipient, you must not use, disclose, distribute, copy, print, or rely on this e-mail. If you have received this e-mail in error, please advise the sender by return e-mail and delete all copies of this message and any attachments from your systems. Please do not print this e-mail unless you really need to. Help to protect our environment.
Juniper Court, Boxwell Road • Berkhamsted, Herts HP4 3ET • United Kingdom •
Click here
to unsubscribe.
View this email in your browser