NSI Daily Market Report 24/12/2025
Best Regards:
MR. DEEPESH MAJIGAMKAR
Mob:- + 91 9730358718 (whatsapp) // +91 9156366155
Teams/Skype:deepeshmajigamkar@hotmail.com
Email:
chartering@varitasnavigation.com
Website:-
www.varitasnavigation.com
From:
Nautical Supply International (NSI) DMCC <carolina@nauticalsupply.co.uk>
Sent:
24 December 2025 16:53
To:
Deepesh Majigamkar <chartering@varitasnavigation.com>
Subject:
NSI Daily Market Report 24/12/2025
Hi Deepesh
We have opened flat after moderate rises yesterday.
The API has estimated that US crude oil inventories saw a build of 2.4 million barrels in the week ending on the 19th of December after crude oil inventories had dropped by 9.3 million barrels in the week prior. So far this year, crude oil inventories in the United States are showing a net decrease of 6.7 million barrels, according to Oilprice calculations of API data. The DoE had reported earlier this week that crude oil inventories in the Strategic Petroleum Reserve had hit 413 million barrels in the week ending on the 19th of December, rising by 800,000  barrels as the Trump Administration continues to try replenish depleted stockpiles. Moreover, production in the United States had fallen to 13.843 million barrels per day in the week of December 12th, slightly down from 13.853 million barrels per day in the week prior, according to the latest EIA data; although US  production has slipped, the latest figures are 270,000 barrels per day more than levels in the beginning of the year.
Despite the latest round of US sanctions on Russia, China’s independent refiners are accelerating their purchases of Russia’s Far Eastern ESPO crude blend after they had been issued new import quotas and as the discount for Urals crude has exceeded $10 per barrel below Brent for December loading, the discount hitting record high, trading sources told Reuters. Three traders had also told Reuters that for loadings in January, to be delivered to Chinese ports,  the discount of Russian ESPO Blend has increased to a record $7-$8 a barrel below ICE Brent. The Chinese refiners, particularly the so-called \'teapots\' of the Shandong province, are back to looking for bargain prices in the market after missing the crude purchasing windows for the majority of the fourth quarter as they weren’t allowed to boost their imports due to a lack of quotas. Meanwhile, China’s state-held major refiners continue to be hesitant about buying Russian crude, still largely avoiding spot cargoes of ESPO in order to avoid secondary US sanctions, but the reduced purchases by state refiners has contributed to the pressure on ESPO blend prices. The implications of the latest US sanctions has additionally caused the flagship Russian crude blend Urals to also be weighed down, the discount for Urals has also widened compared to ICE Brent prices as Indian refiners continue to reduce their purchases in hopes that they will stay on the US\'s good graces. Notably, whilst Russia\'s oil majors are seeing a decline in exports, its smaller independent refineries are seeing an uptake of purchases which will likely continue until buyers, mainly from India and China, finds a way to evade the latest Western sanctions. Russian oil continues to flow in the markets, mainly via opaque trading methods and ship-to-ship transfers. However, the heavy sanctions on its energy industry - on top of threats to implement secondary sanctions on any country that continues buying Russian crude - has caused Russia\'s exports to see large declines, resulting in significant losses in revenue to the point that it\'s threatening Russia\'s ability to continue funding its war with Ukraine.
Regardless of the US recently escalating its pressure on Venezuelan oil exports, at least half a dozen sanctioned tankers have loaded oil from the South American country since the 11th of December, reported Bloomberg quoting data from Kpler. The Trump Administration has intensified its pressure on Nicolas Maduro, designating his regime as a “foreign terrorist organization”. The US had seized a second oil tanker offshore Venezuela this weekend and Trump had ordered a naval blockade offshore Venezuela earlier this month in order to intercept sanctioned vessels that are trying to travel to and from Venezuela. US Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem had commented on the seizure that “The United States will continue to pursue the illicit movement of sanctioned oil that is used to fund narco terrorism in the region. We will find you, and we will stop you”, stating in an interview with Fox & Friends that “We’re not just interdicting these ships, but we’re also sending a message around the world that the illegal activity that Maduro is participating in cannot stand, he needs to be gone, and that we will stand up for our people.” Trump’s military campaign against Venezuela has boosted worries in the market as the pressure has disrupted oil exports and  threatening a $8-billion market of shadow-fleet oil trade, with tankers diverting, crude piling up at sea, and Venezuelan state oil firm PDVSA is facing imminent well shut-ins due to shrinking storage capacity.
Full detailed market report, click link below:
NSI Daily Market Report 24/12/25
DISCLAIMER:
The information in this e-mail and any attachments is confidential and is intended solely for the use of the intended recipient(s). If you are not the intended recipient, you must not use, disclose, distribute, copy, print, or rely on this e-mail. If you have received this e-mail in error, please advise the sender by return e-mail and delete all copies of this message and any attachments from your systems. Please do not print this e-mail unless you really need to. Help to protect our environment.
Juniper Court, Boxwell Road • Berkhamsted, Herts HP4 3ET • United Kingdom •
Click here
to unsubscribe.
View this email in your browser