NSI Daily Market Report 12/12/2025
Best Regards:
MR. DEEPESH MAJIGAMKAR
Mob:- + 91 9730358718 (whatsapp) // +91 9156366155
Teams/Skype:deepeshmajigamkar@hotmail.com
Email:
chartering@varitasnavigation.com
Website:-
www.varitasnavigation.com
From:
Nautical Supply International (NSI) DMCC <carolina@nauticalsupply.co.uk>
Sent:
12 December 2025 17:40
To:
Deepesh Majigamkar <chartering@varitasnavigation.com>
Subject:
NSI Daily Market Report 12/12/2025
Hi Deepesh
We have opened a touch down this morning.
Crude oil prices has dropped by almost 2% on Thursday, those losses extending into today\'s trading session this morning, despite the rare alignment of bullish signals. OPEC has maintained a firm demand outlook for 2025–2026 in its latest monthly report, prompting to the resilient consumption in India, China, and the Middle East whilst also reiterating that non-OPEC supply growth is set to moderate after 2025. The group had also noted that its supply management continues to be the anchor for market stability. This is a more optimistic stance than the IEA’s heavy warnings of a glut in its latest report, though the agency did slightly shift its tone, cutting its glut forecast for 2026 from 4.09 million barrels per day to 3.84 million barrels per day. The change in the projected surplus in 2026 is largely based on the sanctions on Russia and Venezuela is curbing supply whilst global demand showing to be stronger than previously assumed; the IEA had also revised its 2026 demand growth, boosting it by 90,000 barrels per day, due to improved macro conditions and easing tariff concerns. The latest API report had also lended some support after it reported a 4.8-million-barrel crude draw, whilst the EIA had also confirmed on Wednesday that there had been a 1.8-million-barrel draw, which had reinforced signs that there\'s robust winter demand. However, geopolitics has been an upside risk for oil trading. To name a few: Ukraine continues to attack Russian energy structures amid ongoing peace deal negotiations, tensions between the US and Venezuela potentially at the brink of escalating after the United States had seized a tanker offshore Venezuela, on top of India and China\'s continued purchases of Russian energy commodities risking further breakages in political/trading relations, particularly with the US. This has created a lot of uncertainty and volatility in the market, further dampening sentiment and putting pressure on prices as traders are overwhelmed by the effect that geopolitics have on the energy industry on top of warnings of the looming global glut.
The International Energy Agency (IEA) has slightly cut its oil glut forecast in its monthly report, saying that the oil market continues to be heading into an oversupply next year, but the glut estimate has been trimmed by around 230,000 barrels per day compared to the agency\'s November forecast. On Thursday, the IEA had detailed in its December report that the supply exceeding demand in the market next year is heading towards as much as 3.84 million barrels a day. This is much lower compared to the implied oversupply that was expected in its November report of 4.09 million barrels per day, but the latest figures are still considerably high. Additionally, the IEA had noted that in the fourth quarter of 2025, the projected global oil surplus has narrowed since its November report "as the relentless surge in global oil supply came to an abrupt halt". In November, the total global oil supply had dropped by 610,000 barrels per day compared to October by 1.5 million barrels per day from September\'s all-time high. OPEC+ had accounted for 80% of the decline throughout October and November, which reflects the significant unplanned outages in Kuwait and Kazakhstan, whilst oil output from Russia and Venezuela had plummeted due to the sanctions on their energy sector. Even though supply appears to have declined in December compared to the past few months, the drops largely caused as a result to the ongoing geopolitical tensions and related sanctions, the concerns over the expected glut hasn’t been eased, continuing to weigh down on market sentiment and putting pressure on prices. The IEA had further noted that there\'s an apparent disconnect between the current global oil surplus and inventories that have hit near decade lows at key pricing hubs. The benchmark crude oil prices have only eased marginally in November despite the record volumes of oil stored on water, because  “in stark contrast to the broader picture, crude and refined product stocks in key pricing hubs have seen only marginal builds”.
The daily rates for chartering a vessel to transport commodities has significantly increased this year as growing route disruptions and sanctions has made it difficult for shippers to keep up with the growing commodity supply, causing oil tanker rates to skyrocket by 467%. The rise in crude oil supply from OPEC+ and the Americas has caused the supertanker market to tighten as vessels need to make increasingly longer trips. This had led to several newly-built very large crude carriers (VLCC) to make empty maiden voyages from yards in Asia - rather than loading fuels made in China on their first journey, they have to pick up supply from the Middle East, the Americas, and Africa. This year alone, up to six supertankers have travelled empty on their maiden voyages, whereas only one tanker had made an empty maiden voyage last year, according to vessel-tracking data reviewed by Bloomberg and shipping analytics firm Signal Ocean. Even though we typically experience a weaker commodity demand period towards the end of every year, there hasn’t been any sign of weakness in vessel rates for transporting crude oil, LNG, iron ore, or wheat, in the last few weeks of 2025. The unusual strength in commodity demand at the end of 2025 has led to oil tanker rates on key shipping routes to surge significantly by 467% to date, according to Bloomberg’s estimates based on data from the Baltic Exchange and commodity markets data provider Spark Commodities. It should also be noted that supertanker rates on the route between the Middle East and China hit their highest in five years at the end of November. This is largely due to traders seeking alternatives to Russian crude after the US had sanctioned Russia’s two oil majors, Rosneft and Lukoil, whilst rates for smaller tankers have also jumped as traders snatch up all available vessels in order to transport crude.
Full detailed market report, click link below:
NSI Daily Market Report 12/12/2025
DISCLAIMER:
The information in this e-mail and any attachments is confidential and is intended solely for the use of the intended recipient(s). If you are not the intended recipient, you must not use, disclose, distribute, copy, print, or rely on this e-mail. If you have received this e-mail in error, please advise the sender by return e-mail and delete all copies of this message and any attachments from your systems. Please do not print this e-mail unless you really need to. Help to protect our environment.
Juniper Court, Boxwell Road • Berkhamsted, Herts HP4 3ET • United Kingdom •
Click here
to unsubscribe.
View this email in your browser