See What’s in Store at Breakbulk Middle East 2026
Best Regards:
MR. DEEPESH MAJIGAMKAR
Mob:- + 91 9730358718 (whatsapp) // +91 9156366155
Teams/Skype:deepeshmajigamkar@hotmail.com
Email:
chartering@varitasnavigation.com
Website:-
www.varitasnavigation.com
From:
Breakbulk Middle East <middleeast@events.breakbulk.com>
Sent:
15 December 2025 11:20
To:
chartering@varitasnavigation.com
Subject:
See What’s in Store at Breakbulk Middle East 2026
From networking to new content - discover everything happening at this year’s show
View in browser
WHAT\'S HAPPENING AT BREAKBULK MIDDLE EAST
The 10th edition of
Breakbulk Middle East
is set to be our biggest yet, featuring an exceptional lineup of
over 200 exhibitors, networking events, fresh content, innovative solutions, and opportunities to grow your expertise
. Whether you’re seeking new connections, new knowledge, or insights from industry leaders, there’s something here for everyone.
CLAIM YOUR FREE TICKET
SEE WHAT\'S ON
NETWORK IN STYLE
Women in Breakbulk
Join us for two days of learning, connection and collaboration at this year’s Women in Breakbulk programme, including the annual luncheon.
Find out more
.
Golf Day
The DP World Golf Day offers an exclusive afternoon of golf, entertainment, and networking ahead of the region’s largest project cargo event.
Find out more
.
BUSINESSrun
Kick off Breakbulk Middle East with the BUSINESSrun and combine fitness, networking, and community impact
all in one.
Find out more
.
HEAR FROM INDUSTRY EXPERTS
Breakbulk Main Stage
The Main Stage features an exceptional lineup of industry experts ready to share cutting-edge insights and innovations. From geopolitics to GCC mega-projects, the programme offers something for every interest.
Explore the agenda
.
Breakbulk Voices Stage
New for 2026, Breakbulk Voices introduces a dedicated space for forward-looking discussions, fresh perspectives and ideas that reflect the evolving needs of the project cargo and logistics community.
Explore the Agenda
.
EXPAND YOUR KNOWLEDGE
Heavy Lift Workshop
Enhance your heavy lift industry knowledge with this half-day workshop that focuses on the fundamentals of heavy-lift logistics for project cargo professionals.
(Sponsored by Roll Group)
Find out more
.
AI Workshop
This session demystifies AI’s role in breakbulk and project cargo, highlighting practical uses that boost efficiency and reduce risk while supporting, rather than replacing, the human element.
Find out more
.
Voyage Chartering Essentials Workshop
This intermediate workshop, delivered with the Institute of Chartered Shipbrokers, offers a deeper understanding of chartering principles for professionals working in or with chartering.
Find out more
.
Don’t miss the chance to connect with
10,500+ industry professionals
- whether on the golf course, on the show floor, or in a workshop. It’s your opportunity to forge lasting relationships and be part of this milestone edition.
SECURE YOUR FREE TICKET
Dubai World Trade Centre
Opening times:
4 February 2026  10:00 - 18:00
5 February 2026  10:00 - 17:00
Stay connected
Quick links:
About Breakbulk Middle East
Why Visit
Explore Exhibitor List
Copyright © 2025
Hyve Group Limited
. All Rights Reserved.
Hyve Group takes your privacy seriously – you can read about this in our
Privacy Notice
. We use your personal information to provide the services you have requested from us and for other carefully considered
legitimate business purposes.
This includes sending you marketing communications and advertising about our events as well as information and publications which we think would be of interest to you. You have the right to object to this processing. View a list of the events organised by Hyve Group
here
.
Hyve Group Limited, The Studios, 2 Kingdom Street, London, UK W2 6JG, UK
Unsubscribe
Manage preferences