HDFC BANK
Best Regards:
MR. DEEPESH MAJIGAMKAR
Mob:- + 91 9730358718 (whatsapp) // +91 9156366155
Teams/Skype:deepeshmajigamkar@hotmail.com
Email:
chartering@varitasnavigation.com
Website:-
www.varitasnavigation.com
From:
HDFC Bank Smart Statement <hdfcbanksmartstatement@hdfcbank.bank.in>
Sent:
02 January 2026 22:30
To:
CHARTERING@VARITASNAVIGATION.COM
Subject:
HDFC Bank Combined Email Statement for December-2025
View your SmartStatement
Dear Varitas Navigation Private Limited,
Let us make Banking simple and convenient for you.
Heres your HDFC Bank Combined Account SmartStatement of the month. This helps you to:
•
Track your transactions across all your accounts - Savings account, Current account, Fixed and Recurring deposits
•
Enjoy special offers on our Banking products
•
Get updated contact details for your Relationship Manager
Click on the below given link to view your Smart Statement for December 2025.
View your SmartStatement
How to open your SmartStatement:
•
Click on \'View your Smart Statement\'
•
Enter your Customer ID as the password
We are constantly looking for ways to improve our services, if you have any feedback or suggestions regarding your SmartStatement, please use the Feedback Form under Service Charges and Important Information to write to us.
We are sharing as an attachement a PDF copy of your December 2025 account statement, which you can save for any future reference.
Assuring you the best of our services at all times.
Warm regards,
Ashish Parthasarthy
Group Head - Branch Banking,Payments,Treasury,
Liability products,Marketing,Virtual Channels & Infrastructure
*Terms and conditions apply |
Unsubscribe
.
For more details on Service charges and Fees,
Click here
HDFC Bank officials or representatives will NEVER ask you for your personal information i.e. your card details, passwords, PIN, CVV, OTP etc. DO NOT share these details with anyone over phone, SMS or email.
To read more about secure banking
Click here
For viewing your Smart Statement please change your browser /upgrade your browser to the latest version. Below is the list of browsers & version which are supported.
1) SAFARI 9.1 or above
2) OPERA 37.0 or above
3) FIREFOX 46.0 or above
4) CHROME 32.0 or above
5) EDGE 14.0 or above
6) IE 11.0 or above
Statement is also available as an attachment in your Email in PDF format.
If your unable to view your statement in IE11.0 then Kindly follow the below steps to view your statement on IE11.0
1.Press Alt to display the IE menu
2.Choose Tools|Compatibility View settings
3.Remove the checkmark next to Display intranet sites in Compatibility View
4.Choose Close
To validate Digital Certificate in your PDF statement, follow below steps.
1. Right click on Signature and then click on Validate Signature
2. Next, click on Signature Properties
3. Click on \'Show Signer\'s Certificate\'
4. Then, click on \'Trust\' tab
5. Click on \'Add to Trusted Certificates...\' Then click on Ok.
6. Next, click on Check box of \'Certified documents\' and enable all the below check box. Then click on Ok.
7. Click on \'Validate Signature\'