Start 2026 Strong at Breakbulk Middle East
Best Regards:
MR. DEEPESH MAJIGAMKAR
Mob:- + 91 9730358718 (whatsapp) // +91 9156366155
Teams/Skype:deepeshmajigamkar@hotmail.com
Email:
chartering@varitasnavigation.com
Website:-
www.varitasnavigation.com
From:
Ben Blamire (Breakbulk Middle East) <ben.blamire@events.breakbulk.com>
Sent:
06 January 2026 11:21
To:
chartering@varitasnavigation.com
Subject:
Start 2026 Strong at Breakbulk Middle East
Two days of insight, connections, and opportunity | 4–5 Feb 2026
Hi DEEPESH,
Happy New Year! I hope you had a relaxing end to 2025 and are feeling refreshed as you step into 2026.
As we begin the year, I’d like to invite you to
join us
at the
10th edition of Breakbulk Middle East
, taking place
4-5 February 2026
. As the region’s leading event for project cargo and breakbulk logistics, Breakbulk Middle East brings together the companies, decision-makers, and projects that are driving some of the Middle East’s most ambitious developments.
This milestone edition has been thoughtfully expanded to deliver maximum value for attendees. With a larger floorplan, an enhanced exhibitor lineup, and the introduction of our new
“
Breakbulk Voices
”
stage, the event will offer practical insights, fresh perspectives, and meaningful opportunities to connect with key players from across the Middle East and international markets.
By attending Breakbulk Middle East, you’ll gain early-year exposure to upcoming projects, strengthen your network, and take part in conversations that can help shape strategy, unlock new partnerships, and set
VARITAS NAVIGATION PRIVATE LIMITED
up for a strong and successful year ahead.
Secure your free ticket
I look forward to welcoming you to this special
10th anniversary edition
in February.
Best regards,
Ben Blamire
Event Director, Breakbulk Middle East
Copyright © 2026
Hyve Group Limited
. All Rights Reserved.
Hyve Group takes your privacy seriously – you can read about this in our
Privacy Notice
. We use your personal information to provide the services you have requested from us and for other carefully considered
legitimate business purposes.
This includes sending you marketing communications and advertising about our events as well as information and publications which we think would be of interest to you. You have the right to object to this processing. View a list of the events organised by Hyve Group
here
.
Hyve Group Limited, The Studios, 2 Kingdom Street, London, UK W2 6JG, UK
Unsubscribe
Manage preferences