NSI Daily Market Report 10/12/2025
Best Regards:
MR. DEEPESH MAJIGAMKAR
Mob:- + 91 9730358718 (whatsapp) // +91 9156366155
Teams/Skype:deepeshmajigamkar@hotmail.com
Email:
chartering@varitasnavigation.com
Website:-
www.varitasnavigation.com
From:
Nautical Supply International (NSI) DMCC <carolina@nauticalsupply.co.uk>
Sent:
10 December 2025 17:47
To:
Deepesh Majigamkar <chartering@varitasnavigation.com>
Subject:
NSI Daily Market Report 10/12/2025
Hi Deepesh
We opened slightly up after trading moderately down in yesterday’s session.
The API has estimated that US crude oil inventories had seen a large draw of 4.8 million barrels in the week ending on the 5th of December, following a drop by 2.48 million barrels in the week prior. So far this year, US crude oil inventories are showing a net increase of only 121,000 barrels, according to Oilprice calculations of API data. The DoE also reported earlier this week that crude oil inventories in the Strategic Petroleum Reserve had hit 411.9 million barrels in the week ending on the 5th of December, rising by 200,000 barrels as the Trump Administration is slowly working towards replenishing depleted stockpiles. Notably, during the week of November 28th, production in the United States had stayed relatively flat after seeing a slight rebound in the week prior, from 13.814 million barrels per day to the current rate of 13.815 million barrels per day, according to the latest EIA data. This is 252,000 barrels per day more compared to levels at the beginning of the year.
Yesterday, oil prices saw a decline of roughly 0.2% as trading was mainly influenced by expectations of a rate cut by the US Federal Reserve, analytical focus over the peace talks between Russia and Ukraine, on top of overall concerns regarding a global oversupply, which has weighed on market sentiment and prices for a long period of time. On Tuesday, the Russia-Ukraine peace deal talks had continued, with reports claiming that a US national security strategy document, saying that the US would like to improve its relations with Russia, had supported optimism. The Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov had commented that "The nuances that we see in the new concept certainly looks appealing to us." Meanwhile, the Fed will meet today in order to discuss about a rate cut and will reveal its decision soon after. A market strategist at Pepperstone, Ahmad Assiri, has commented about the pundits that\'s pushed the momentum of concerns revolving a global glut. He said that "Much of the current discussion still revolves around short-term volatility and potential risk of geopolitics, yet the deeper signals are becoming harder to overlook... The coming year looks set to be one where physical fundamental nudge the market toward a repricing of expectations." Chief commodities analyst at SEB AB, Bjarne Schieldrop, shared a similar glum outlook, stating that "Eventually, the current huge blob of oil at sea will move onshore where the sensation of rising crude oil stocks will be more tangible... The only reason why Brent crude hasn’t fallen faster and deeper is because of the US sanctions related to Rosneft and Lukoil." Analysts are struggling to determine which way the peace deal talks will tip, even with the latest move by the United States. On one hand, if the US and Russia manage to mend its political relations, it could be enough to finalize a deal and ease overall geopolitical tensions, easing the volatility in the markets. On the other hand, some traders and analysts are receiving the positive progress in peace deal negotiations with a grain of salt, considering that similar reports in the past had been over exaggerated or didn’t amount to the desired conclusion, making many skeptical whether the talks will result in a finalized deal. Furthermore, Russian oil is likely to flood the markets if a deal is made, and if tensions between the two nations are resolved, the sanctions on Russia will likely be lifted. This prospect has added to concerns over an oversupply amid weakening demand, which has been weighing down on market sentiment and putting pressure on crude oil prices.
Saudi Arabia, the world’s top crude exporter, has decided to make a major cut in its official selling prices for Asia to the lowest premium over benchmarks in five years as the nation seeks to preserve market share whilst there is ample supply and falling Middle Eastern spot benchmarks. The lower Saudi official selling prices for Asia and increased nominations from China\'s private refiners who are expecting crude import quotas for 2026, has resulted in China hiking its purchases of Saudi crude oil to the highest volumes in five months. In total, Chinese refiners have nominated just under 50 million barrels of Saudi crude volumes for January loading, said anonymous traders with knowledge of the purchases who had told Bloomberg. According to Bloomberg estimates, the nominations for January loading are approximately 10 million barrels higher compared to the volumes in December loadings; this is the highest level that Chinese refiners have booked for one month since August 2025. The market and refiners had largely expected the Saudi price cut since there is abundant supply particularly as OPEC+ raises output through December. Saudi and other Middle Eastern crude has become increasingly popular in Asia compared to a month ago, after the US sanctions on Russian oil majors had sent Indian and some Chinese buyers desperately search for alternative supply until the implications of the sanctions become clearer and until they find a way to evade the new restrictions. Unsurprisingly, this news has also contributed and further fueled concerns of the looming global glut.
Full detailed market report, click link below:
NSI Daily Market Report 10/12/2025
DISCLAIMER:
The information in this e-mail and any attachments is confidential and is intended solely for the use of the intended recipient(s). If you are not the intended recipient, you must not use, disclose, distribute, copy, print, or rely on this e-mail. If you have received this e-mail in error, please advise the sender by return e-mail and delete all copies of this message and any attachments from your systems. Please do not print this e-mail unless you really need to. Help to protect our environment.
Juniper Court, Boxwell Road • Berkhamsted, Herts HP4 3ET • United Kingdom •
Click here
to unsubscribe.
View this email in your browser