Best Regards:
MR. DEEPESH MAJIGAMKAR
Mob:- + 91 9730358718 (whatsapp) // +91 9156366155
Teams/Skype:deepeshmajigamkar@hotmail.com
Email:
chartering@varitasnavigation.com
Website:-
www.varitasnavigation.com
From:
Samson Nellore <Samson.Nellore@howerob.com>
Sent:
12 December 2025 10:36
Subject:
Range Shipping
/Samson
Pleased to have your proposal on below close
Range Shipping
MV Valentina I open Dahej, India  23rd -  27th December 2025
Dwt 50,198 mt on 12.822m
- Open hatch, boxed, strengthened for heavy cargo
- Preference for voyage business
- GOA OK
- Grain/ferts clean
++
EX OUR CP
MV Ocean Azalea - D64/15 - open WCI on abt 24-27th Dec
- Pref Voyage, try TC
- No GOA
Best Regards
Samson Nellore
HOWE ROBINSON SHIPPING INDIA PVT. LTD
Phone:
+91 1244646946 |
Mobile: +91 9711118403
samson.nellore@howerob.com
|
Skype ID:
samson.n1
This communication and all information contained in or attached to it (including, but not limited to market prices/levels and market commentary) (the "Information") is for informational purposes only, is confidential, may be legally privileged and is the intellectual property of one of the companies of Howe Robinson Partners. The Information is not to be relied upon and is not warranted, including, but not limited, as to completeness, timeliness or accuracy and is subject to change without notice. All representations and warranties are expressly disclaimed. Access to the Information by anyone other than the intended recipient is unauthorised and any disclosure, copying or redistribution is prohibited. All business is conducted in accordance with our Terms and Conditions which can be viewed on our website www.howerobinson.com. Our Privacy Policy can be viewed at www.howerobinson.com/privacy-policy. If you receive this message in error, please immediately delete all copies of it and notify the sender. We have taken precautions to minimise the risk of transmitting software viruses, but we advise you to carry out your own virus checks on any attachment to this message. We cannot accept liability for any loss or damage caused by software viruses.
Disclaimer
The information contained in this communication from the sender is confidential. It is intended solely for use by the recipient and others authorized to receive it. If you are not the recipient, you are hereby notified that any disclosure, copying, distribution or taking action in relation of the contents of this information is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful.
This email has been scanned for viruses and malware, and may have been automatically archived by
Mimecast Ltd
, an innovator in Software as a Service (SaaS) for business. Providing a
safer
and
more useful
place for your human generated data. Specializing in; Security, archiving and compliance. To find out more
Click Here
.