NSI Daily Market Report 18/12/2025
Best Regards:
MR. DEEPESH MAJIGAMKAR
Mob:- + 91 9730358718 (whatsapp) // +91 9156366155
Teams/Skype:deepeshmajigamkar@hotmail.com
Email:
chartering@varitasnavigation.com
Website:-
www.varitasnavigation.com
From:
Nautical Supply International (NSI) DMCC <carolina@nauticalsupply.co.uk>
Sent:
18 December 2025 17:22
To:
Deepesh Majigamkar <chartering@varitasnavigation.com>
Subject:
NSI Daily Market Report 18/12/2025
Hi Deepesh
After a seesaw day yesterday we have opened moderately flat.
Venezuela\'s crude oil exports are under threat as its supply of Russian naphtha is at risk of falling through after Trump had ordered a blockade of sanctioned tankers that are heading to or departing from the South American country. Trump\'s announcement of the blockade on sanctioned Venezuelan tankers had pushed oil prices to jump by over 2% early on Wednesday. In the past few months, Venezuela\'s imports of naphtha have spiked as it relies on naphtha and other fuels to serve as diluents for its extra heavy crude; Venezuela had turned to naphtha supply in the middle of this year due to shipments from other sources had stopped. Since Russian cargoes are being transported on blacklisted tankers, operated and owned by sanctioned entities/individuals, they have also become a target of the US blockade. This means that naphtha cargoes en route to Venezuela will likely have to divert to other destinations, consequently risking Venezuela’s ability to dilute and export its heavy crude, traders told Reuters yesterday; we are already seeing signs of this as at least one tanker - which had been holding 32,000 metric tons of Russian naphtha - had been heading to Venezuela last week but is now en route to Europe with the cargo still on board, according to data from LSEG cited by Reuters. If the South American country faces additional restrictions and shortages of diluents, it could potentially lose up to 500,000 barrels per day of its oil production, according to Reuters estimates. Additionally, ING commodity strategists Warren Patterson and Ewa Manthey had noted on Wednesday that exports of Venezuela\'s oil production is estimated to have only reached around 600,000 barrels per day in November, the strategists adding that “It’s likely that these volumes will fall given the latest developments. The bulk of this oil is shipped to China”. Even though the announcement of the blockage, and the implications that Venezuela’s supply is at risk, had supported oil prices in early trade on Wednesday, the Russia-Ukraine peace deal negotiations had capped yesterday’s gains. Moreover, the blockade signals that tensions between the US and Venezuela are rising, potentially leading to a trade war between the two nations, which would add volatility in the already-fragile market.
Moreover, Venezuela will possibly be forced to start reducing its oil production as its storage space is dwindling amid the US tanker blockade, reported Bloomberg, citing unnamed sources, who had also mentioned that the largest oil storage hub and tankers at Venezuelan ports could potentially fill up within 10 days, which would prompt production curbs. Venezuela’s crude oil production is already sliding: in November, Venezuela\'s oil supply only reached 860,000 barrels per day, down from 1.01 million barrels per day in October and compared to the over 1-million-barrels per day in September, when Venezuela\'s crude oil output hit its highest level since February 2019, according to estimates from the International Energy Agency (IEA). The South American country is expected to see further declines in December after the several recent consecutive actions by the US in Caribbean waters. The United States is preparing to seize more tankers after seizing one carrying Venezuelan crude earlier this month, reported Reuters last week, its unnamed sources mentioning that there\'s already a list of vessels which will be targeted for seizure. Meanwhile, during the US escalation, around 11 million barrels of Venezuelan crude had been stuck at sea earlier this week, prompting deeper discounts, on top of demands for changes in the spot contracts - where the oil was being sold - from buyers. Although reduced oil in the markets can be interpreted positively due to ongoing concerns over an oversupply amid weakening demand, escalating tensions between the US and Venezuela could add volatility and uncertainty in the markets that has already been battered by the multiple geopolitical tensions, as well as wide-spread negative sentiment that’s been largely caused by worries of a global glut.
The US Energy Information Administration (EIA) has predicted that Brazil, Guyana, and Argentina are set to be top drivers of non-OPEC oil supply growth in 2026, accounting for half of the expected 0.8 million barrels per day increase next year. The EIA has forecasted that Brazil\'s production will see a 0.2 million barrels per day increase in 2026, reaching a total of 4.0 million barrels per day. Brazil\'s supply growth will mainly be driven by new offshore pre-salt projects coming online, as well as Equinor’s Bacalhau field starting-up in October, and the additional start-up of two FPSOs in December by Petrobras. Guyana has been increasingly its crude exports to Asian markets, the country\'s rapid development of the Stabroek Block by Exxon Mobil and its partners have propelled production to new highs. As new FPSOs come online, such as Yellowtail, Uaru, Whiptail, it could push Guyana\'s production to potentially reach over 1 million barrels per day; Exxon’s Yellowtail project has already hit full production capacity, making Guyana’s production to hit over 900,000 barrels per day alone. Meanwhile, the Uaru project that\'s projected to start-up in 2026 will be able to add another 250,000 barrels per day to Guyana\'s supply, which will push the country\'s crude oil production over 1 million barrels per day by 2027. Additionally, the EIA has forecasted that Argentina will see significant precision growth in 2026, its oil production expected to go up from 670,000 barrels per day in 2024 and 740,000 barrels per day in 2025, to average at 810,000 barrels per day in 2026, the increase mainly driven by the substantial Vaca Muerta shale reserves. Notably, Rystad had predicted last month that the key crude sources of cost-competitive non-OPEC oil supply will be from offshore Brazil, Guyana, Suriname, and Argentina’s Vaca Muerta shale play through 2030. Rystad also expects that demand for global liquids will peak at roughly 107 million barrels per day in the 2030s, followed by a maintained plateau of over 100 million barrels through the 2040s, before eventually declining to approximately 75 million barrels per day by 2050. The Norwegian energy consultancy had also mentioned that non-OPEC+ supply will play a crucial part to balancing the global market, as cheap oil from South America will help to offset slower US shale growth; South America will be the main source of this crude and condensate supply growth at 560,000 barrels per day, with North America supplying 480,000 barrels per day. Non-OPEC+ producers are expected to account for around 5.9 million barrels per day, nearly 60% of new conventional oil that\'s currently under development through 2030. However, concerns of an oversupply still dominates market sentiment, which has been putting pressure on prices, regardless of OPEC+ reporting that the market is balanced and that demand is keeping up with the production rises. Despite Rystad’s claims that non-OPEC+ supply will help balance the market since US shale growth is slowing, this will likely not provide much comfort over concerns that the market is heading into a global glut.
Full detailed market report, click link below:
NSI Daily Market Report 18/12/2025
DISCLAIMER:
The information in this e-mail and any attachments is confidential and is intended solely for the use of the intended recipient(s). If you are not the intended recipient, you must not use, disclose, distribute, copy, print, or rely on this e-mail. If you have received this e-mail in error, please advise the sender by return e-mail and delete all copies of this message and any attachments from your systems. Please do not print this e-mail unless you really need to. Help to protect our environment.
Juniper Court, Boxwell Road • Berkhamsted, Herts HP4 3ET • United Kingdom •
Click here
to unsubscribe.
View this email in your browser