NSI Daily Market Report 07/01/2026
Best Regards:
MR. DEEPESH MAJIGAMKAR
Mob:- + 91 9730358718 (whatsapp) // +91 9156366155
Teams/Skype:deepeshmajigamkar@hotmail.com
Email:
chartering@varitasnavigation.com
Website:-
www.varitasnavigation.com
From:
Nautical Supply International (NSI) DMCC <carolina@nauticalsupply.co.uk>
Sent:
07 January 2026 17:17
To:
Deepesh Majigamkar <chartering@varitasnavigation.com>
Subject:
NSI Daily Market Report 07/01/2026
Hi Deepesh
We closed down and have opened similar with mgo falling exponentially.
The API has estimated that US crude oil inventories experienced a decline of 2.8 million barrels in the week ending on the 2nd of January, after crude oil inventories had risen by 1.7 million barrels in the week prior. According to Oilprice calculations of API data, US crude oil inventories saw a net decrease of 5.1 million barrels in 2025. Moreover, the DoE had reported earlier this week that crude oil inventories in the Strategic Petroleum Reserve had hit 413.5 million barrels in the week ending on the 2nd of January, rising by 300,000 barrels as the Trump Administration continues to try replenishing its depleted stockpiles. Notably, production in the United States had jumped to 13.827 million barrels per day during the week of December 26th, according to the latest EIA data, which also shows that this is up from 13.825 million barrels per day in the week prior, and is 260,000 barrels per day more compared to production last year over the same period of time. Even though US crude oil inventories dropped, we saw gains in product inventories: gasoline, distillate, and Cushing inventories had all risen this week. Gasoline inventories saw another large increase by 4.4 million barrels in the week ending on the 2nd of January, after it rose by 6.2 million barrels in the week prior - according to the latest EIA data, gasoline inventories have been 2% above the five-year average for this time of year as of last week. In the same reporting period, distillate inventories had gained 4.9 million barrels, after seeing a rise of 1 million barrels in the week prior - the latest EIA data had also shown that distillate inventories continue to be 4% below the five-year average as of the week ending on the 26th of December. Meanwhile, Cushing inventory (that\'s kept at the delivery hub for the West Texas Intermediate Crude futures contract) had jumped by 700,000 barrels, after rising by 800,000 barrels in the week prior to the same reporting period.
The markets are starting to view that the capture of Maduro and the continued US pressure on Venezuela is having a bearish influence on oil prices as the expectation of more Venezuelan oil hitting an already oversupplied market has boosted worries over the looming global glut. Crude oil prices have extended losses into early Asian trade this morning after Trump had posted that "I am pleased to announce that the Interim Authorities in Venezuela will be turning over between 30 and 50 MILLION Barrels of High Quality, Sanctioned Oil, to the United States of America. This Oil will be sold at its Market Price, and that money will be controlled by me, as President of the United States of America, to ensure it is used to benefit the people of Venezuela and the United States!" The post had also mentioned that Trump had "asked Energy Secretary Chris Wright to execute this plan, immediately. It will be taken by storage ships and brought directly to unloading docks in the United States." Here, Trump is likely referring to the barrels of crude that\'s built up since the US blockade on Venezuelan oil had begun. We will likely see the pressure on Venezuela to shut its oil wells to ease if Trump\'s claims are true and actually frees up storage space, as an agreement on these barrels between Venezuela and the US would take away the risk of additional oil being shut in, whilst increasing the likelihood of the sanctions being lifted on Venezuela\'s oil sector. Although this may ease some of the volatility in the market, just the prospect of more Venezuelan oil flooding the market, whilst its already oversupplied, has caused crude prices to tank as the glut continues to dominate market sentiment.
Analysts at India’s SBI Research have said that oil prices are set in their downward trajectory, and that Brent will potentially drop as low as $50 per barrel by the middle of 2026 - these estimates are close to the base-case projections from major Wall Street investment banks. Fortune India had noted that the analysts had also written that “Oil prices in general have remained subdued due to the OPEC+ decision to increase production", and that the Indian basket is expected “to soften in line with expected trends internationally: Our base case is $50 per barrel... or even lower by June 2026”. To note, Goldman Sachs had said in November that oil prices are set to continue decreasing in 2026 from current levels, with West Texas Intermediate Crude forecasted to average at $53 per barrel next year, as we experience a significant surplus in the market. Sachs has predicted that the surplus this year will average at 2 million barrels per day, but the investment bank also mentioned that the current influx of supply hitting the market will end after this year. The co-head of global commodities research at Goldman Sachs, Daan Struyven, had told CNBC in November that 2026 will see “the last big oil supply wave the market has to work through,” and that the oil market is set to rebalance in 2027. Furthermore, the US EIA had forecasted in its latest Short-Term Energy Outlook that Brent\'s prices will fall to an average of $55 per barrel in the first quarter of 2026, and that it will likely remain around that price for the rest of this year, due to global oil production rapidly growing amid lower demand over the winter season - which is set to accelerate the crude held in oil inventories. However, we should keep in mind that these forecasts had been made before the US had seized Venezuela and captured Nicolas Maduro. Even though oil prices haven’t fluctuated too much after the escalation in tensions between the United States and Venezuela, there\'s still a lot of uncertainty around how the South American\'s oil supply will evolve in the future, and over the extent that US companies are willing to lead a rebound in Venezuelan oil output. It is still hard to determine how the seizure may affect prices over the course of this year and the upcoming future, but the recent rise in tensions, on top of ongoing worries regarding the global glut, are currently the main influences on oil prices and on the overall market.
Full detailed market report, click link below:
NSI Daily Market Report 07/01/2026
DISCLAIMER:
The information in this e-mail and any attachments is confidential and is intended solely for the use of the intended recipient(s). If you are not the intended recipient, you must not use, disclose, distribute, copy, print, or rely on this e-mail. If you have received this e-mail in error, please advise the sender by return e-mail and delete all copies of this message and any attachments from your systems. Please do not print this e-mail unless you really need to. Help to protect our environment.
Juniper Court, Boxwell Road • Berkhamsted, Herts HP4 3ET • United Kingdom •
Click here
to unsubscribe.
View this email in your browser