Best Regards:
MR. DEEPESH MAJIGAMKAR
Mob:- + 91 9730358718 (whatsapp) // +91 9156366155
Teams/Skype:deepeshmajigamkar@hotmail.com
Email:
chartering@varitasnavigation.com
Website:-
www.varitasnavigation.com
From:
SBS Chartering Dubai <chartering.dubai@stanbulk.com>
Sent:
30 December 2025 13:22
To:
SBS Chartering Dubai <chartering.dubai@stanbulk.com>
Subject:
Qatalum | 3,000 - 12,665 MT Aluminum Extrusion Ingots ex Mesaieed to Poliport, Trieste, Cartagena
KA : Chartering Desk
Good Day!
Please offer firm for our charterers :
**Offers to be submitted no later than 7 January 2026, 12:00 hours Doha time**
Acc :
Qatalum
Cargo Type :
Aluminum Extrusion Ingots
Quantity :
3,000 - 12,665 MT -/+10% in CHOPT
Load Port :
Mesaieed, Qatar
Discharge Port option as per below table:
Option
Load Port
Discharge Port
Target Quantity (10% Molcho)
Target Lay can
Option 1
Mesaieed
Poliport
6,665
26 - 28 Jan
Option 2
Mesaieed
Trieste
3,000
28 - 30 Jan
Option 3
Mesaieed
Cartagena
3,000
30 - 31 Jan
Option 4
Mesaieed
Trieste and Cartagena
6,000
28 - 30 Jan
Option 5
Mesaieed
Trieste, Cartagena and Poliport
12,665
26 - 28 Jan
1.25% Standard Bulk Shipbrokers
To be shipped as full or part cargo
Primarily in the form of 3 - 7 meters long logs
Max length per unit 7 meters
Submit vessel suitability, port approval, CP, online form and attached offer summary.
Qatalum strongly requests LIFO terms (Last In First Out)
For any possible candidates
please provide a full chain of control/ ownership
.
Please fill the attached Excel File, and for further evaluation of your offer, please submit the following:
Stowage plan with clear dimensions for the planned area for Qatalum metal to be loaded.
Vessel Specifications
Vessel Suitability Form
Photos of the holds you are intending to ship our cargo.
Hydro CP
Updated Class Survey Status Report
Classification Form
In order to evaluate your offer, all of the necessary documents listed above must be submitted.
FIOS (Free In and Out, Stowed)
Lashing by wood for securing cargo to be for charterers account, but dunnage material (as onboard), to be placed at charterer’s disposal free of charge.
Offer must be valid for a minimum of 1 week after the deadline.
Vessel approval might be obtained from Serdal/Right Ship and Port’s Authority
Performing vessels should preferably have a maximum age of 12 years. Incase more than 12 years, supplier need physical verification and send the update report inspection.
16 total weathers week of the days FSHINC for loading, and SSHEX for discharging.
CHABE: United Shipping (Mesaieed), Cerrahgil (Poliport), P&J Carrasco (Cartagena) and PGS Italia (Trieste)
Qatalum strongly requested direct sailing from Mesaieed to Destinations
Both full and part cargoes are acceptable; however, in case of part cargo, Charterers require Owners to declare the performing vessel’s itinerary, schedule and intended port combinations, together with realistic/estimated transit times from Mesaieed to each port of discharge, including the proposed loading and discharge rotation
- Any cargo to be harmless, dust free, properly separated from the aluminum cargo (preferably with bulkheads/tween deck(s). No cargo can be loaded/stowed on top of the aluminum cargo as this would severely damage the EIs.
- Any time used at ports of discharge for removing part cargo, including cargo top-stowed on tween decks and/or on weather deck, which must be removed prior to commencement of discharge of the aluminum extrusion ingots, shall be for Owners’ account and shall not count as laytime or time on demurrage.
Freight payable as follows: eighty-five percent (85%) within ten (10) working days after sailing from loading port, upon presentation of required documents (BL, Invoice, Statement of Fact).
Balance fifteen percent (15%) payable after safe delivery (Invoice, Statement of Fact, Surveyor Report) of the cargo at last port of discharge
- In the event of delays beyond target sailing dates mentioned in
Table 1
above, the carrier/owner shall pay to Qatalum
USD 2,500 per day, pro rata
. Qatalum’s rights under this clause are
in addition to, and not in substitution for, any other rights and remedies
available to Qatalum.
- Otherwise, terms/conditions as per Hydro Standard Proforma C/P version SS-02 (as attached below) with logical amendments.
Demands to vessel specifications.
Only modern, fully box-type vessels will be considered. Preference is given to fully open-hatch box vessels—particularly tween Deckers or MPPs with one or more decks—that allow for direct spot stowage of materials without requiring forklifts in the vessel’s holds.
When offering, pls. mention sizes offered vessel(s) hatch(es) as well as tank top and tween deck Floor dimensions together with a G/A plan and pictures of vessels hold(s) and provide suggested stowage plan with dimension of space allocated for this shipment.
Vessel meets requirements to accept by Mesaieed Port and Port of Discharges
Cargo/stowage info
Bundle dimensions (each one tier)
· Length 5.8 -7 meters
· Width 1-1.1 meters
· Height 230 – 330 mm
· Weight 2.5-3.0 mt
NB! Max stowage is 16 tiers high.
ADDITIONAL CLAUSES TO APPLY
Piracy Clause
Any vessel(s) performing under this Agreement shall comply with all existing UN, International (IMO), National (flag state) standards incl. ISM/ISSC/ISPS and all ships shall be entered with a P&I Club being a member of the International Group of P&I Clubs.
Name of P & I Club: ……………………………………………………………….
For any vessel(s) which may enter or transit areas in risk of piracy such compliance shall include implementation of, and documentation of implementation, relevant international recognized standards, best management practices and recommendations on appropriate self-protection measures to avoid, deter or delay acts of piracy, including the Best Management Practices to Avoid, Delay or Deter Piracy in the Gulf of Aden and off the Coast of Somalia, issued by the UN Contact Group on Piracy as amended from time to time (latest version, version 3). The owners shall be liable to and hold Qatalum (as the case may be) harmless against all liabilities, costs, expenses, damage, or losses suffered or incurred by it in connection with non-compliance with this provision.
Qatalum CSR Clause
The Carrier undertakes that in the performance of this Agreement it shall respect the protection of human rights and internationally accepted labor standards, it shall not use child or forced labor or discriminate in respect of employment, it shall avoid conflicts of interest and respect the
Environment. The Carrier undertakes that it will not make, offer, or authorize any undue payment, gift, promise or other undue advantage, in relation to the Carrier, whether directly or indirectly, to or for the benefit of any public official, third party or personnel of Qatalum in order to obtain or retain Business.
Sanctions clause
The Carrier warrants guarantees that it and the services supplied hereunder are not prohibited by or exposed to any sanctions or prohibitions imposed by any State, Supranational or International Governmental Organization. If the Carrier or the services supplied hereunder is subsequently prohibited or exposed to any such sanctions Qatalum shall be entitled to immediately suspend or terminate this Agreement and shall not be liable to make any payments in contradiction to such sanctions or prohibitions.
OFAC clause
Performing vessel(s) always to be in conformity with applicable United States law and United Nations proclamations prohibiting certain flags/ownership/management from participating in trade covered by this charter, including restrictions imposed by the US Treasury Department, Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) and the US Commerce Department, Bureau of Industry and Security (BIS) ) and United Nations proclamations prohibiting certain flag/ownership/management from participating in trade covered by this charter. Owners are responsible for all cost/consequences if in violation of this warranty.
Freight beneficiary of this charter party
If freight beneficiary is different than the owners/disponent owners of the vessel, then “written declaration/no objection letter” from head owners/disponent owners to be asked for charterers paying the freight to the nominated “freight beneficiary” in accordance with ofac clause which is as incorporated in the charter party.
Free of obligation
Owners guarantee the vessel is free from any obligation, encumbrance, claim or lien, of a financial nature or otherwise, that would interfere in any way with the vessel\'s performance of this voyage and/or the delivery of the cargo with the utmost dispatch. In the event the vessel/ cargo is liened or arrested during the currency of this charter party (or after completion of discharge in respect of the cargo) the owners are to take immediate action to release vessel/cargo from any such lien or arrest and to remain fully responsible for the cost or damages caused as a result of any lien or arrest or interruption of the vessel’s performance under this charter party.
Await your firm offer of suitable candidates in safe/predictable positions (from financially sound owners/operators) able to comply with the required specifications/demands stipulated above.
Qatalum\'s "Vessel Suitability Form" (required for stem acceptance in Mesaieed)
Signed Ebola certificate signed by Master stating that vessel and all crew members have not visited any Ebola infected countries within the last 21 days, also required.
Attachments:
Cargo description (picture)
Stowage of cargo (picture)
Hydro\'s "Vessel Questionnaire"
Hydro Alu C/P version SS-02
+++
Pleased to hear.
—
Best Regards,
Ahmad Nabil
As Brokers Only
Standard Bulk Shipbrokers
Email:
chartering.dubai@stanbulk.com
Skype: Ahmad Nabil -
stanbulk.com
Mobile: +971 52 89 304 20
Email Disclaimer
-
Client T&C