High-Impact Sponsorships Under $5K
Best Regards:
MR. DEEPESH MAJIGAMKAR
Mob:- + 91 9730358718 (whatsapp) // +91 9156366155
Teams/Skype:deepeshmajigamkar@hotmail.com
Email:
chartering@varitasnavigation.com
Website:-
www.varitasnavigation.com
From:
Ben Blamire (Breakbulk Middle East) <ben.blamire@events.breakbulk.com>
Sent:
18 December 2025 11:49
To:
chartering@varitasnavigation.com
Subject:
High-Impact Sponsorships Under $5K
Ready to elevate your brand at Breakbulk Middle East?
Hi DEEPESH,
Looking for smart, budget-friendly ways to elevate your brand and spark meaningful conversations? Sponsorships at
Breakbulk Middle East
are a powerful way to stand out and connect with the industry - without needing a large budget.
To help you get the most value, we’ve curated our
top 5 sponsorship opportunities under $5K
, each designed to boost visibility and drive engagement:
Breakbulk Voices Stage Session Sponsorships - NEW for 2026
Bronze Sponsorships
Silver Sponsorships
Tower Box Sponsorships
Onsite Banner Sponsorships
Working with a slightly higher budget (
$10–16K
)? You may also be interested in:
Education Day Sponsorship
Breakbulk Voices Stage Sponsorship
Women in Breakbulk Lounge and Lunch Sponsorship
If you\'d like to explore any of these opportunities further you can simply
complete this short form
and a member of our team will be in touch.
I look forward to helping you elevate your presence onsite,
4-5 February 2026.
Best regards,
Ben Blamire
Event Director, Breakbulk Middle East
Copyright © 2025
Hyve Group Limited
. All Rights Reserved.
Hyve Group takes your privacy seriously – you can read about this in our
Privacy Notice
. We use your personal information to provide the services you have requested from us and for other carefully considered
legitimate business purposes.
This includes sending you marketing communications and advertising about our events as well as information and publications which we think would be of interest to you. You have the right to object to this processing. View a list of the events organised by Hyve Group
here
.
Hyve Group Limited, The Studios, 2 Kingdom Street, London, UK W2 6JG, UK
Unsubscribe
Manage preferences