NSI Daily Market Report 29/12/2025
Best Regards:
MR. DEEPESH MAJIGAMKAR
Mob:- + 91 9730358718 (whatsapp) // +91 9156366155
Teams/Skype:deepeshmajigamkar@hotmail.com
Email:
chartering@varitasnavigation.com
Website:-
www.varitasnavigation.com
From:
Nautical Supply International (NSI) DMCC <carolina@nauticalsupply.co.uk>
Sent:
29 December 2025 17:30
To:
Deepesh Majigamkar <chartering@varitasnavigation.com>
Subject:
NSI Daily Market Report 29/12/2025
Hi Deepesh
We have opened up this morning on crude, but products are in negative territory.
On Friday, oil prices had dropped by over 2% largely due to worries that the markets will be in an oil surplus next year. Reports from agencies have further fueled these concerns, such as the IEA\'s expectations that supply will exceed demand by 3.8 million barrels per day in 2026. Consequently, Brent prices have seen a substantial decline by 19% and West Texas Intermediate has seen a significant 21% drop for 2025, making it the steepest annual drop since the Covid lockdowns. The rise in geopolitical tensions, mainly between the US and Venezuela on top of the Russian-Ukraine war, has also had a major influence on prices and market sentiment; "Geopolitical premiums have provided near-term price support, but have not materially shifted the underlying oversupply narrative", noted Aegis Hedging analysts. The Russia-Ukraine peace deal talks was perceived to be reaching some sort of resolution as Zelenskyy and Trump were scheduled to discuss territorial issues - which has been the largest problem in the negotiations - on Sunday in Florida. Additionally, had jumped on Friday after there was a partial US blockade of Venezuelan crude shipments, as well as a US military strike against a militant Islamist group in Nigeria - we will have to see how the US crackdown on Venezuelan oil will impact trading over the next couple of months. Senior oil and gas analyst at BCS Financial Group, Kirill Bakhtin, had commented on trading during the last few days leading up to the New Year, saying that "Oil prices have been receiving support from strong US macro data and geopolitical instability over the past week... As no new US stats are scheduled in the coming days, we expect a slight decline in prices going forward unless politics continues to weigh in."
In early Asian trade this morning, oil prices had edged higher in response to an exchange of energy strikes: Russia has attacked Naftogaz\'s Kherson Combined Heat and Power Plant and Ukraine have targeted the Syzran oil refinery. Even though Trump and Zelenskyy had claimed that progress was being made on a 20-point peace plan, the latest strikes have dampened the hopes that Russia and Ukraine will make a peace deal. Russia\'s attack had caused "significant damage" on the key heating plant in Kherson - which is a critical source of heating for tens of thousands of residents - and has injured at least one employee who is currently hospitalized. Ukraine\'s strike on the oil refinery, located in Russia\'s Samara region, had taken out the only primary oil processing unit, and the refinery\'s ELOU-AVT-6 unit had also been targeted. These are the latest round of attacks on the both country\'s energy sectors, Russia continuing to focus on Ukraine\'s energy infrastructure nearly four years into its full-scale invasion, attempting to break morale as the winter season is at its peak, and Ukraine trying to intensify pressure on Moscow\'s energy revenues as the increasing number of sanctions on Russia has disrupted its energy flows. Currently, Russia, Ukraine, and Nigeria are facing rising risks of a supply shock amidst bearish fundamentals in the markets, with the majority of analysts still warning that there’ll be an oil glut in 2026. Oil prices have been swinging this past month, the prospect of a peace deal being made between Russia and Ukraine has put pressured prices over the past few weeks due to expectations that the sanctions will be lifted on Russia if a deal is made, causing concerns to rise over Russian energy commodities flooding the markets amid oversupplies. However, it isn’t much of a surprise that the alleged progress made in the peace deal negotiations is falling through, considering that Putin has historically been unwilling to agree to a ceasefire unless all his conditions are met, making no attempts to negotiate, on top of the fact that Ukraine has persisted its attacks on Russia throughout the current peace deal talks, making it unsurprising that Russia has retaliated with its own attacks. Regardless, the uptake in attacks has caused geopolitical tensions to rise once again, causing prices to spike and adding to the uncertainty within the markets; we will have to see what happens next, particularly keeping a close eye on how the US may react to these attacks and over the peace deal talks falling through.
New data from industry sources has revealed that Russia\'s liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) exports to Central Asia and Afghanistan have nearly doubled in the first eleven months of this year, as the sanctions have expectedly caused Russia\'s LPG trade to reroute, rather than retreat. Moscow has sent slightly over 1 million metric tons into the mentioned markets, pushing the region’s share of Russian LPG exports from 19% in 2024 to approximately 36% this year, after the EU had implemented restrictions on Russian LPG imports in December 2024. Although the sanctions didn’t stop Russia\'s LPG flows to stop completely, it did force Russian suppliers to scramble for new buyers - its LPG used to move west, but now it flows south and east to areas where sanctions aren’t as heavily enforced and where political barriers are lower. Afghanistan has imported roughly 418,000 tons, seeing an increase of around 50% year on year, becoming one of the largest buyers in that region, which a portion of that volume is moving via Kazrosgaz, Russia’s joint venture with Kazakhstan, giving the trade additional support. However, at the moment it is relatively unclear whether Afghanistan and Central Asia have completely replaced European LPG volumes since the available data doesn’t show that Russia is exporting overall more LPG, only that it is exporting differently to before. The EU ban in 2024 had caused domestic LPG prices to sharply drop, suggesting that supply had seen a period where it had outrun demand, indicating that the rise in exports was down to displacement rather than growth. Ultimately, the conclusion that can be made from the data is that Russia had likely lost higher margin European buyers, leading them to sell to ones that are in a lower margin closer to home in order to replace the lost sales. Notably, some traders have observed that the rising shipments of Russian LPG to Afghanistan have partly come at the expense of Iran (another sanctioned supplier), meaning that Afghanistan isn’t necessarily consuming a significant amount more of LPG compared to before, but is simply switching its sanctioned sources. Considering the fact that Russia has gradually deepened ties with the Taliban-led government - being the first government to formally accept an Afghan ambassador - Russia has also expanded its energy cooperation with goals to increase its influence in Central and South Asia whilst its energy sector is continuously being put under more pressure. Since LPG is cheap, mobile, and a smart political tool, able to keep vehicles running, homes heated, and keeps geopolitical relationships happy, the rise in exports of this energy commodity makes sense.
Full detailed market report, click link below:
NSI Daily Market Report 29/12/2025
DISCLAIMER:
The information in this e-mail and any attachments is confidential and is intended solely for the use of the intended recipient(s). If you are not the intended recipient, you must not use, disclose, distribute, copy, print, or rely on this e-mail. If you have received this e-mail in error, please advise the sender by return e-mail and delete all copies of this message and any attachments from your systems. Please do not print this e-mail unless you really need to. Help to protect our environment.
Juniper Court, Boxwell Road • Berkhamsted, Herts HP4 3ET • United Kingdom •
Click here
to unsubscribe.
View this email in your browser