Best Regards:
MR. DEEPESH MAJIGAMKAR
Mob:- + 91 9730358718 (whatsapp) // +91 9156366155
Teams/Skype:deepeshmajigamkar@hotmail.com
Email:
chartering@varitasnavigation.com
Website:-
www.varitasnavigation.com
From:
Samson Nellore <Samson.Nellore@howerob.com>
Sent:
11 December 2025 11:47
Subject:
COROMANDEL 30k mt Mesaieed / to Vizag &/ Kakinada // 1-5 Jan 26
/Samson
Pleased to have your proposal on below close
*             ACCT        :           COROMANDEL INTERNATIONAL LTD
*             CGO         :           Bulk Prilled Urea.
*             QTY         :            30,000 Mt  +/- 10% IN OOPTION
*             LAYCAN  :            1
st
– 5
th
Jan’26
*             LOADPORT    :    1SP 1SB PORT OF Mesaieed, Qatar
*             LOADRATE    :     5000 MT PWWD FSHEX UU
*             DISPORT     :       1SP 1SB VIZAG and/or 1 SP 1 SB Kakinada
*             DISRATE     :        5,000 MT PWWD SHEX EIU
The below mentioned fixture terms are non- negotiable. Freight to be quoted based on the same.
Vessel Nomination clause
:
*             Vessel Age : below 12 years old
*             Vessel should be Righship star rating – Min 3 star
*              Vessel should have minimum cargo gears with min 30 mt SWL
*              Vessel’s crane outreach beyond ship’s rail to be minimum 9.5 m
*             TBN business not acceptable
*             Charterer will have one business day to accept or reject the vessel considering the shipper’s and port requirement (if vessel is nominated on Friday confirmation time will be till EOD Sunday).
*             If the vessel gets rejected due to technical reason, Operator / owner must nominate fresh vessel in the same laycan .
*             Charterers prefer to have the nominated vessel to be the performing vessel.
*             Substitution of vessels, if any, must be done on or before
25
th
Dec 25
and confirmation time for substitute vessel will be same as that of the initial nomination.
*
For every substitution, an additional vetting fee of
USD 800
will be levied to the Owners.
*
For the initially nominated vessel or any substitutions, the vessel should be nominated along with the non-hydrocarbon suitability form and Class Survey status certificate (not older than 7 days)
NOR & Commencement of Laytime
Load port
NOR shall be tendered at Mesaieed Freighter Anchorage during office hours ( from 7.00 to 15.00, from Sunday till Friday)
i)            If Notice of Readiness (NOR) is tendered before 10 A.M. laytime will commence at 1300 hrs on the same day, provided the cargo holds are passed by the independent surveyor appointed by seller( with buyers consent); otherwise upon passing holds inspection.
ii)            If Notice of Readiness (NOR) is tendered after 10 A.M laytime will commence:- At 0800 hrs on next working day provided the cargo holds are passed by the independent surveyor appointed by seller( with buyers consent); otherwise upon passing holds inspection.
If holds inspection is failed by the independent surveyor( appointed by shippers/seller) vessel must re-tender Notice of Readiness within the  laydays and all previous NORs shall be deemed null and void. Nevertheless, in case the vessel holds are passed after the agreed laydays, laytime to count only upon actual commencement of loading.
TERMS (FSHEX UU)
FRIDAY, SATURDAY Holiday Excluded, Unless Used (i.e. weekend commence from 1200 hrs on Friday till 0700 hrs on Sunday). If a local or a legal holiday precedes weekend, time from 4.00 p.m. on the previous working day until 7.a.m. on next working day to be excluded and no time to count unless used. If used actual time used to count as laytime.
This clause to apply even if vessel is on demurrage.
If vessel arrives outside laycan, laytime shall commence upon commencement of loading.
Discharge Port
NOR shall be tendered after vessel reaches within Port limits and during office hours (0900 hrs to 1600 hrs from Monday to Friday and 0900 hrs to 1200 hrs on Saturday), excluding holidays. TT of 24 hrs to be provided even if used, in case of one port and 12 hrs free TT at each port, even if used, in case of 2 port discharge.
TERMS (SHEX EIU)
Sunday Holiday Excluded, Even if Used (i.e. week-end commence from 1200 hrs on Saturday till 0800 hrs on Monday). If a local or a legal holiday precedes week-end, time from 5.00 p.m. on the previous working day until 8 a.m. on next working day to be excluded and no time to count even if used.
This clause to apply even if vessel is on demurrage.
HOLDS INSPECTION
If on inspection, the independent surveyor rejects the vessel due to insufficient cleanliness, the Owners shall perform further cleaning in accordance with any reasonable recommendations of the Independent Inspector. Expenses pertaining to first inspection only will be borne by shippers and any subsequent hold inspection survey called on for the vessel will be for the account of Vessel owners/ Operators.
Holds survey inspection will be carried out in daylight only. All time lost from berthing till acceptance by surveyor, including waiting for daylight will be excluded from laytime.  If berth is occupied with another vessel, holds inspection can be carried out at F/anchorage. Vessel agent should coordinate with master, surveyor and seller, arrange necessary transportation(boat) for surveyor to attend the ship at anchorage and return. All expenses pertaining to transport arrangement will be for the account of the buyer.
HUMIDITY & BAD WEATHER
Weather working days exclude high humidity days. If humidity level reaches 74% loading will be stopped and laytime will be ceased till humidity level falls below 74%. Any loading stoppages due to rain / strong & heavy wind / fog / sea swells and sandstorms are excluded from laytime.
This clause is applicable irrespective of commencement of loading or berth occupied with another vessel WIBON, WCCON, WIFPON, WIPON and even if vessel is on demurrage.
CP will be based on Coromandel’s format .
Freight to be quoted in the following format :
*             Operator Name :
*             Vessel Name :
*             As on date ETA of the vessel to Load port
*             ADCOM: NIL  + 1.25 % to Howe robinson
Vizhag - One port bss
Kakinada + Vizhag - Two port bss
*             Freight Payment clause : 95% of freight to be paid within 5 business days from BL date
*             Balance freight will be paid along with dispatch demurrage
Deadline for Submission of Offer : 15
th
Dec 2025 1800 hrs IST
Offer to be valid till 16
th
Dec 2025 1800 hrs IST
Best Regards
Samson Nellore
HOWE ROBINSON SHIPPING INDIA PVT. LTD
Phone:
+91 1244646946 |
Mobile: +91 9711118403
samson.nellore@howerob.com
|
Skype ID:
samson.n1
This communication and all information contained in or attached to it (including, but not limited to market prices/levels and market commentary) (the "Information") is for informational purposes only, is confidential, may be legally privileged and is the intellectual property of one of the companies of Howe Robinson Partners. The Information is not to be relied upon and is not warranted, including, but not limited, as to completeness, timeliness or accuracy and is subject to change without notice. All representations and warranties are expressly disclaimed. Access to the Information by anyone other than the intended recipient is unauthorised and any disclosure, copying or redistribution is prohibited. All business is conducted in accordance with our Terms and Conditions which can be viewed on our website www.howerobinson.com. Our Privacy Policy can be viewed at www.howerobinson.com/privacy-policy. If you receive this message in error, please immediately delete all copies of it and notify the sender. We have taken precautions to minimise the risk of transmitting software viruses, but we advise you to carry out your own virus checks on any attachment to this message. We cannot accept liability for any loss or damage caused by software viruses.
Disclaimer
The information contained in this communication from the sender is confidential. It is intended solely for use by the recipient and others authorized to receive it. If you are not the recipient, you are hereby notified that any disclosure, copying, distribution or taking action in relation of the contents of this information is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful.
This email has been scanned for viruses and malware, and may have been automatically archived by
Mimecast Ltd
, an innovator in Software as a Service (SaaS) for business. Providing a
safer
and
more useful
place for your human generated data. Specializing in; Security, archiving and compliance. To find out more
Click Here
.