NSI Daily Market Report 17/12/2025
Best Regards:
MR. DEEPESH MAJIGAMKAR
Mob:- + 91 9730358718 (whatsapp) // +91 9156366155
Teams/Skype:deepeshmajigamkar@hotmail.com
Email:
chartering@varitasnavigation.com
Website:-
www.varitasnavigation.com
From:
Nautical Supply International (NSI) DMCC <carolina@nauticalsupply.co.uk>
Sent:
17 December 2025 17:23
To:
Deepesh Majigamkar <chartering@varitasnavigation.com>
Subject:
NSI Daily Market Report 17/12/2025
Hi Deepesh
We have opened significantly up this morning.
The API has estimated that US crude oil inventories saw another large draw of 9.3 million barrels in the week ending on the 12th of December, after crude oil inventories had dropped by 4.8 million barrels in the week prior. So far this year, US crude oil inventories are showing a net decrease of just 9.2 million barrels, according to Oilprice calculations of API data. Moreover, the DoE had reported earlier this week that crude oil inventories in the Strategic Petroleum Reserve has hit 412.2 million barrels in the week ending on the 12th of December, increasing by 300,000 barrels as the Trump Administration makes slow progress in replenishing depleted stockpiles. According to the latest EIA data, production in the United States rose to 13.853 million barrels per day during the week of the 5th December from 13.815 million barrels in the week prior to that, making it 290,000 barrels per day more than levels at the beginning of the year.
Over the past three months, Russia\'s crude oil prices has dropped to the lowest level since Russia had invaded Ukraine in early 2022, largely due to the intensified Western sanctions - particularly the latest US sanctions on Russia\'s Rosneft and Lukoil - and falling international benchmarks weighing down on oil prices. Lower international prices, a stronger ruble, and the widening discount of Russia\'s flagship crude grade, Urals, has all contributed towards the falling Russian revenues over the past few weeks after the sanctions had been implemented on Rosneft and Lukoil. Currently, Russian crude that\'s shipped out of all major export terminals on the Black Sea, Baltic Sea, and Far East port of Kozmino are trading at just about $40 per barrel, according to Argus Media data cited by Bloomberg. Russia\'s crude oil prices has lost 28% over the past three months, per Bloomberg\'s estimates, which has reduced Russia\'s overall oil and gas revenues that\'s the single largest budget income to fund its war with Ukraine. The discount of Russian crude compared to Brent has widened since the US sanctions on Russia\'s oil majors had come into effect. Notably, Brent prices has also dropped since concerns of a global glut has dominated market sentiment and the prospect of a peace deal between Russia and Ukraine boosting worries over Russian oil flooding the markets if the sanctions are lifted. Reuters calculations showed last week that the combination of falling oil prices and strengthening Russian currency will cut Russia\'s oil and gas revenues by almost 50%, set to only reach $5.15 billion (410 billion Russian rubles) this month, nearly half of its revenues from December last year and the lowest in over five years. The last time Russia\'s oil and gas revenues had dropped to this level was in August 2020, when its revenues only managed to hit $5.1 billion (405 billion rubles), because the pandemic had killed demand and caused oil prices to fall rapidly.
India has continued to import Russian crude at a rate exceeding 1 million barrels daily in December, its intake proving to remain resilient despite the US sanctions on Rosneft and Lukoil, which had been implemented in late November. So far this month, India has imported a daily average of 1.2 million barrels, down from 1.77 million barrels in November before the sanctions had come into effect, reported Reuters based on LSEG data and unnamed sources - but this is nowhere near the sharp drop that several analysts had forecasted. One source had told the publication that India\'s import rates of Russian crude could rise to 1.5 million barrels daily by the end of 2025. Despite the fact that Rosneft and Lukoil are responsible for roughly half of Russia\'s total oil exports - around 2 million barrels daily - Russia\'s oil flows could remain relatively robust in January as well, particularly as non-sanctioned Russian oil companies will likely step up for shipments in place of the two oil majors whilst importers and exporters are looking/finding ways around the sanctions. Notably, crude oil exports by non-sanctioned companies have spiked since the sanctions came into effect on the 21st of November, while exports from Rosneft and Lukoil are down. However, the sanctions could cause Indian crude oil imports from Russia to drop to 800,000 barrels a day this month, said Bloomberg earlier this week, citing that Indian authorities are making tighter checks on sanction compliance, including strict inspections of tankers that are carrying foreign crude and on tankers that are insured in places other than the West (also known as the “shadow fleet”). Furthermore, Bloomberg had reported that all Indian refiners have reduced their intake of Russian crude, except for Nayara Energy - but the Reuters report suggest that these checks are not at odds with Russia\'s continued robust oil flows. India has vowed to reduce its exports of Russian energy commodities, but Indian authorities have stated that it will take time to eventually stop all purchases. If its exports of Russian crude remains high, it is possible that the US will implement secondary sanctions on India, potentially leading to rising tensions with the US, which could add to the volatility and uncertainty raging in the markets.
Full detailed market report, click link below:
NSI Daily Market Report 17/12/2025
DISCLAIMER:
The information in this e-mail and any attachments is confidential and is intended solely for the use of the intended recipient(s). If you are not the intended recipient, you must not use, disclose, distribute, copy, print, or rely on this e-mail. If you have received this e-mail in error, please advise the sender by return e-mail and delete all copies of this message and any attachments from your systems. Please do not print this e-mail unless you really need to. Help to protect our environment.
Juniper Court, Boxwell Road • Berkhamsted, Herts HP4 3ET • United Kingdom •
Click here
to unsubscribe.
View this email in your browser