 
 
 
 
 
Best Regards:
 

 
MR. DEEPESH MAJIGAMKAR
Mob:- + 91 9730358718 (whatsapp) // +91 9156366155
Teams/Skype:deepeshmajigamkar@hotmail.com
Email:  <mailto:chartering@varitasnavigation.com>
chartering@varitasnavigation.com
Website:- www.varitasnavigation.com
 
From: Nautical Supply International (NSI) DMCC
<carolina@nauticalsupply.co.uk> 
Sent: 19 November 2025 17:09
To: Deepesh Majigamkar <chartering@varitasnavigation.com>
Subject: NSI Daily Market Report 19/11/2025
 



Hi Deepesh

We have opened soft this morning although gasoil is still firm.

The American Petroleum Institute (API) has estimated that US crude oil
inventories saw a substantial build of 4.4 million barrels in the week
ending on the 14th of November after gaining 1.3 million barrels in the week
prior, showing a net gain of 9.3 million barrels so far this year. The DoE
has reported earlier this week that crude oil inventories in the Strategic
Petroleum Reserve has hit 410.9 million barrels, increasing by 500,000
barrels, in the week ending on the 14th of November. Production in the US
had hit another record in the week of November 7th, its daily production
rising to 13.862 million barrels per day, making it 299,000 barrels per day
more compared to levels at the beginning of the year, according to the EIA.

Goldman Sachs has forecasted that oil prices are set to continue dropping
from current levels into next year - co-head of global commodities research
at Goldman Sachs, Daan Struyven, has noted that the bank believes oil prices
are on track for further declines next year and that investors should short
oil right now. Struyven added that US shale capex and production growth will
also be slowed by low prices from West Texas Intermediate, which is
predicted to trade in the low $50s per barrel next year. Currently,
inventories on the market has seen a large boost, with global stocks also
rising by 2 million barrels per day over the past 90 days. As the market
approaches the expected global glut in 2026, prices continue to trend lower
due to worries of a supply surplus amid weakening demand; Sachs has
predicted that the surplus next year will average at 2 million barrels per
day, though has also noted that 2026 will be the last year that we'll see a
large oversupply in the market. The supply growth will mostly come from OPEC
in the long-term since the group has spare capacity and is investing in
capacity expansion, according to Struyven, adding that the oil is set to
rebalance in 2027 as 2026 will see "the last big oil supply wave the market
has to work through". Moreover, Goldman Sachs has also said that the US
shale patch could see some modest growth, but to achieve this Brent Crude's
prices will need to stay around $80 per barrel towards the end of the
decade. Notably, Goldman's analysts had revised up their global oil demand
numbers for the next decade and a half earlier this month from its previous
prediction of oil demand peaking in 2034. Now, the bank's analysts are
expecting that demand could grow go 113 million barrels per day by 2040,
compared to the 103.5 million barrels per day in 2024.

After the US had put sanctions on Russia's oil exporters and on China's
terminals - which are key import hubs for sanctioned Iranian crude - China's
imports of Russian and Iranian crude oil is set to drop this month. This is
due to Chinese importers and refiners are exerting more caution in order to
avoid further restrictions from the West, whilst trying to devise
workarounds to the sanctions. Rystad Energy cited by Bloomberg has estimated
that imports from Russia could fall by up to 800,000 barrels per day in
November compared to levels before the US sanctions on Rosneft and Lukoil.
Moreover, the separate set of sanctions on China's key import terminals for
Iran's oil from the US and the EU is forecasted to reduce Chinese imports of
Iranian crude by around 30% in |November compared to previous months.
Recently, China's state-owned majors, including Sinopec and PetroChina, have
cancelled their previously ordered Russian oil cargoes, meanwhile large
state and private refiners are searching for alternative short-term supply
to replace their now-sanctioned major suppliers. Despite this, China isnt
expected to completely halt Russian or Iranian crude oil since it need time
to rearrange supply chains and ship-to-ship transfers in order to evade
sanctions effectively in light of the latest restrictions. China's smaller
independent refiners, also known as teapots, are more likely to continue
purchasing Russian and Iranian crude. The small independent refiners that
are located in the province of Shandong are particularly more likely to
continue importing sanctioned barrels, especially since the barrels are
currently heavily discounted, though they face the problem of unavailable
government quotas for crude imports. After the US Treasury had imposed
sanctions on the Rizhao oil terminal last month to pressure China over its
purchases of Iranian crude,  the teapots have exerted more caution over
handling Iranian crude oil. The lead market analyst at energy intelligence
firm Vortexa, Emma Li, had commented earlier this month that the "Buying
momentum among private refiners is expected to slow toward year-end as they
approach their crude import quota limits". Li added that "Despite heightened
enforcement measures targeting entities across the supply chain, sanctioned
crude still accounted for about 30% of China's seaborne arrivals,
underscoring the resilience of private-sector demand and the adaptability of
the dark fleet logistics supporting these flows". 

Full detailed market report, click link below:
NSI Daily Market Report 19/11/2025


 
	





DISCLAIMER: The information in this e-mail and any attachments is
confidential and is intended solely for the use of the intended
recipient(s). If you are not the intended recipient, you must not use,
disclose, distribute, copy, print, or rely on this e-mail. If you have
received this e-mail in error, please advise the sender by return e-mail and
delete all copies of this message and any attachments from your systems.
Please do not print this e-mail unless you really need to. Help to protect
our environment.
Juniper Court, Boxwell Road . Berkhamsted, Herts HP4 3ET . United Kingdom .
Click here to unsubscribe.
View this email in your browser

