MCD LIDOMAR

Att. Chartering Desk
/Catalin
Good day


Tronox is asking for offers latest 1000 hours 20 May, 2026 for following

-Account Tronox Pigments UK Ltd

-Sub Charterers reconfirmation declarable latest 1600 SA time following 
day after fixing main terms.

-Owner:

-Vessel -

Performing Vessel/s nomination to be modern box singledeckers, 
steelfloored, P&I covered and fully suitable for grab discharge

Vessels to be ISPS compliant - max 20 years, MacGregor folding type 
hatch covers, no twin hatches, no centre line beam no stanchions and ITF 
cleared.

-performing vessel/s to be confirmed by Charterers latest 24 hours after 
receiving valid nomination/s.

- Last 3 cargoes carried to be declared either on fixing or on vessel 
nomination. Performing vessel not to have carried cement (in bulk or 
bags) or cement clinker within the last 3 voyages. In the event vessel 
is substituted, substitute performing vessel is not to have carried 
cement (in bulk or bags) or cement clinker within the last three voyages.

- Cargo - about 14023,58 mtons 2% more or less in charterers option of 
KZN CP slag in bulk in one grade stowing dwt. Charterers preference is a 
single transhipment but will consider multiple coasters.

- Loading Rotterdam (int EBS) safely alongside mv “Nord Newport” 
currently giving eta about 8-10 June 26. agw wp and uce.

- Owners to guarantee to meet and load direct overside importing vessel. 
Charterers to give owners 5/3/2/1 days definite notice of the arrival of 
the importer, including discharge rotation. On Owners giving 5-day 
notice, Charterers to advise estimated loading time for the coaster(s) 
alongside the importer and a 48 hour laycan. Laycan to be set according 
to the discharging sequence of the importer and not basis importer 
arrival in Rotterdam

- Discharging 1 SB Immingham Inner Dock

- Owners are to satisfy themselves as to the restrictions and drafts for 
the full chartered quantity at ports both ends

- Freight US$ ….. pmt fio grab trimmed on intaken weight. EU ETS included.

- Freight payable 80% less any agreed commission, within 5 banking days 
of signing and releasing BOL and receipt of invoice.

Owners to release freight account for settlement upon sailing.

Balance of freight payable within 10 banking days after receipt of 
Owners’ final freight account, including laytime calculations and 
supporting documentation.

BOL to be marked "FREIGHT PAYABLE AS PER CP DATED xxx"

Freight deemed earned on shipment of cargo and to be discount less and 
non returnable.

Freight is payable on basis OF BILL OF LADING WEIGHT as established at 
loadport.

BOL weight to be established by draft survey;

- Demurrage US$ …. PDPR, half despatch for working time saved both ends

- 144 total ww hours load and discharge basis SaShinc load, including 
Sshinc tendering NOR at loadport and SaSHex discharge unless used, if 
used all time actually used to count. Any time actually used before 
commencement of laytime to count.

If two or more vessels nominated to lift entire cargo, the time for 
second or subsequent coaster not to commence to count until completion 
of physical loading/discharging of the first coaster. However, NOR for 
the second coaster to be tendered on arrival at load and discharge port 
(and within laycan at loadport), and time for first coaster for physical 
loading/discharge to be subtracted from laytime at load and discharge 
for second coaster.

-Shipper's stevedores to put the product on board and trim same free of 
expense to the vessel. Any additional trimming or pay loading if 
required by the master to be for Owners' account.

-Charterers agents at load and discharge port.

- Owners agrees not to transport Tronox goods on any vessel or using any 
intermediary that is subject to U.S., U.N., E.U., or U.K. asset-blocking 
financial sanctions and will indemnify Tronox for any direct/indirect 
costs and/or damages associated with Owners use of a sanctioned vessel 
in breach of this clause.  Owners further agrees that Tronox has the 
right to terminate the contract immediately, without notice and without 
any obligation to process any further payment, if Owners or a vessel or 
intermediary used by Owners to transport Tronox products becomes subject 
to U.S., U.N., E.U., or U.K. asset-blocking financial sanctions.

-New Jason Clause, New Both-to-Blame Collision Clause, BIMCO Voywar 
2013, U.S.A. Clause Paramount, U.S. Safety and Health Regulations 
(including amendments) and P & I Bunker Deviation Clause to be deemed 
fully incorporated in this Charter Party and Bills of Lading.

*_-Sustainability_*

1.1.The Charterer complies with the provisions of ISO20400/2017 in 
relation to the sustainable manner in which it operates its business and 
as such takes the protection of the environment and the socio-economic 
setting (which may be impacted by the activities undertaken by the 
Vessel Owner) into account in all its activities.

1.2.In furtherance of the charterers sustainability objectives:

1.2.1.The Vessel Owner undertakes that it will provide the Charterer, as 
and when necessary, to demonstrate its compliance with ISO20400/2017.  
Owners acknowledge the principles of ISO 20400:2017 and will, where 
reasonably practicable, support Charterer’s efforts to demonstrate 
alignment with its principles / guidance.

1.2.2.The Charterer expects that the Vessel Owner will similarly do all 
things reasonable and necessary to ensure that it acts in an 
accountable, transparent and ethical manner in relation to the 
opportunities, stakeholders and the principles of legality, and 
international standards of human rights protection throughout its value 
chain.

1.2.3.The Vessel Owner agrees that the Charterer may undertake periodic 
audits (subject to prior written notice being given of such audit, and 
the audit occurring during the Vessel Owner’s normal business hours), of 
the level of compliance with ISO20400/2017 by the Vessel Owner. Such 
audit may be undertaken by the Charterer, or its duly authorized 
representatives. The Vessel Owner agrees to co-operate with the auditors.

1.2.4.In the event that the review reveals an adverse finding in 
relation to the ISO20400/2017 sustainability standard, the Vessel Owner 
shall do all things reasonable or necessary to ameliorate the adverse 
finding within an agreed period of time.

1.2.5.In the event that the Vessel Owner does not agree to mitigate the 
adverse finding, this shall constitute a dispute that must be referred 
to mediation for resolution.

- All other terms and conditions of Tronox Coasting proforma c/p

-2,25 % commission

++

-- 
Best   regards/Cristescu
As brokers only ,
Phone: (+) 40-751-991111
EMAIL lidomar@lidomar.ro
re djayetdf765
Skype  cccatalin
Please add our email to your regular distribution list.
In case the content of our messages are not of your interest please
kindly advise in return  in order to remove you from the distribution list.
   

