 
 
 
 
 
Best Regards:
 

 
MR. DEEPESH MAJIGAMKAR
Mob:- + 91 9730358718 (whatsapp) // +91 9156366155
Teams/Skype:deepeshmajigamkar@hotmail.com
Email:  <mailto:chartering@varitasnavigation.com>
chartering@varitasnavigation.com
Website:- www.varitasnavigation.com
 
From: Nautical Supply International (NSI) DMCC
<carolina@nauticalsupply.co.uk> 
Sent: 14 November 2025 17:19
To: Deepesh Majigamkar <chartering@varitasnavigation.com>
Subject: NSI Daily Market Report 14/11/2025
 



Hi Deepesh

We have opened firm this morning following earlier drops in the week.

Oil prices had experienced a sharp 4% slide on Tuesday, prices had
stabilised on Wednesday after traders had reassessed OPEC's revision in its
latest market report, which the group's expectations had shifted towards a
more balanced market outlook for 2026. Even though the US funding deal to
end the government shutdown had cleared one macro problem that has dampened
the market, traders have largely focused on supply signals, reports of
supply and demand dominating market sentiment, rather than looking at the
broader risk sentiment. The modest rebound had contrasted with the equity
rally where US indices, which had been highlighted by Bloomberg, had showed
advances on softer inflation readings as renewed risk appetite and the
shutdown resolution had brought some relief in throughout the market. The
shift in equities had ended up limiting the pull on crude, prices influenced
by the changes in supply projections and the concerns over the market's
near-term balance. A softer dollar and lower Treasury yields had provided
some support to commodities, but it didn't shift the crude oversupply
outlook. Meanwhile, Asia has continued to take regular cargoes, and
early-winter demand has stayed robust for diesel and jet fuel.

The International Energy Agency (IEA) has raised its latest demand and
supply growth estimates, warning that the oil glut will be worse than
previously expected. "Global oil market balances are looking increasingly
lopsided, as world oil supply is forging ahead while oil demand growth
remains modest by historical standards," said the IEA on Thursday in its
monthly oil market report. In its October report, the agency's 2025 demand
growth estimate was 700,000 barrels per day, but that figure has been
revised up this month, expecting that 2025 demand growth will be 790,000
barrels per day. The IEA also mentioned that it sees modest demand growth of
770,000 barrels per day, slightly higher compared to last months expected
700,000 barrels per day growth. Since January, global oil supply has shot up
by 6.2 million barrels, the gains divided evenly between OPEC+ and
non-OPEC+, anticipating that global oil supply will rise by 3.1 million
barrels in 2025 and 2.5 million barrels in 2026; non-OPEC+ supply is
estimated to account for around 1.7 million barrels per day, responsible for
1.7 million barrels per day of the growth. To sum up, although demand is
expected to climb, the agency's latest supply and demand estimate cautions
that the surplus would be 4.09 million barrels per day in 2026, up from what
was previously implied surplus of 3.97 million barrels per day that was
expected in the October report. As supply continues to grow steadily and
inventories are rising at a rate that exceeds demand growth, it will
inevitably cause a supply overhang. This greatly contrasts will OPECs latest
market report which had ditched its earlier forecast that predicted a
deficit, now seeing that the market will be broadly balanced in 2026, which
had brought oil prices down as fears of an imminent glut had weighed down on
the market. However, the IEA has noted that "risks to the forecast remain
plentiful, with the economic repercussions of the recent tariff turmoil and
the US federal government shutdown still uncertain, and the impacts of new
sanctions on Russia yet to become clear." 

In light of the updated demand and supply growth forecasts from the IEA,
Goldman Sachs commodity analysts have also revised their predictions for oil
demand to be much higher. In its previous prediction, Sachs had seen oil
demand to peak in 2034, however it now says that oil demand could increase
to 113 million barrels a day by 2040, compared to 103.5 million barrels in
2024. Additionally, Goldman Sachs has also said that we'll see
slower-than-expected progress of net-zero policies, including infrastructure
obstacles in regards to the expansion in wind and solar generation capacity,
on top of a slower-than-expected adoption of electric vehicles. Analysts at
the bank had commented that "We do not assume major breakthroughs in
low-carbon technology... Even for peaking road oil demand, we expect a long
plateau after 2030," adding that freight transport that's fuelled by LNG was
unlikely to spread outside China, where it has replaced some petroleum fuel
demand with the renewable energy. Despite this, the team has noted that
these expectations could possibly change over time, acknowledging that the
adoption of low-carbon technology will likely accelerate at some point,
however this will heavily depend on government priorities, which currently
appeared to focus its attention on energy security, and pointed away from
emission reduction. This has also been acknowledged by the IEA in its latest
outlook due to the abundant evidence reflecting that low-carbon sources of
electricity cannot meet overall energy demand growth.

In early Asian trade on Friday, oil prices had jumped this morning - Brent
had been trading at $64.54 and West Texas Intermediate was trading at
$60.28, seeing a rise of 2.71% - after news that Ukraine had attacked one of
the Russia's most significant oil export hubs, the Russian Black Sea port of
Novorossiysk. The markets had quickly responded to this attack, triggering
renewed fears over further supply disruptions. The attacks had damaged a
nearby apartment building, an oil depot, and a ship which had injured three
crew members aboard the vessel, confirmed Russian regional authorities.
Ukrainian forced have increased the intensity of their attacks over the past
few months, using their drones and missiles to mainly target Russian
oil-refining, storage, and export infrastructure; the Center for European
Policy Analysis had noted a shift in Ukraine's strategy, saying that "from
smaller-scale strikes on storage tanks to targeting hard-to-replace refinery
equipment, like cracking units, much of it western-made and subject to
sanctions." If Ukraine is able to maintain the momentum of its attacks and
is able to cause Russia to lose a significant amount of its compounding
infrastructure, it could add further supply risk to global markets. However,
considering the worries of a supply overhang this may be a desirable
outcome, and on top of the US sanctions restricting Russia's oil flows, it
may be enough incentive for Putin to seriously consider ceasefire
negotiations. Regardless, the broader oil market outlook continues to remain
bearish as US crude oil inventories are rising and warnings of a severe flut
in 2026 continues to dominate sentiment.

The late-October US sanctions has upended crude oil flows and cut off
Russia's top buyers rather significantly. Currently, nearly a third of
Russia's seaborne oil export potential is stuck in tankers, whilst India and
China continues to struggle in their assessments over the implications that
the sanctions will have . All Indian refiners, exempting two, has decided to
not place December orders for Russian crude and China's major state-owned
refiners have reportedly suspended all purchases of Russian crude oil, but
independent refiners in the Shandong province are likely to continue imports
since Russian cheap crude has become a staple for their refineries. JPMorgan
has estimated that up to 1.4 million barrels per day (almost a third) of
Russian crude oil exporting potential are on tankers right now whilst
needing to re-route its deliveries and experiencing slowed unloading - the
majority of buyers are hesitant to continue purchasing Russian energy
products since they want to avoid secondary tariffs to be placed on them.
Notably, Russia's flagship crude Urals was priced $19.40 per barrel below
Brent on a free-on-board (FOB) basis at the Russian Baltic Sea port of
Primorsk and at the port of Novorossiysk on the Black Sea, expanding from
$13-$14 per barrel discount at the beginning of November, said an industry
source earlier this week to Russian daily Kommersant, citing data by Argus.
The discount between Urals to Brent has widened to $20 per barrel, the
highest its been this year due to the sanctions. The Wall Street bank
commented that "Russia's oil exports are entering a new phase of disruption
as sanctions targeting Rosneft and Lukoil are set to take effect, prompting
its two largest customers - India and China - to sharply reduce their
December purchases". 

Full detailed market report, click link below:

NSI Daily Market Report 14/11/2025


 
	





DISCLAIMER: The information in this e-mail and any attachments is
confidential and is intended solely for the use of the intended
recipient(s). If you are not the intended recipient, you must not use,
disclose, distribute, copy, print, or rely on this e-mail. If you have
received this e-mail in error, please advise the sender by return e-mail and
delete all copies of this message and any attachments from your systems.
Please do not print this e-mail unless you really need to. Help to protect
our environment.
Juniper Court, Boxwell Road . Berkhamsted, Herts HP4 3ET . United Kingdom .
Click here to unsubscribe.
View this email in your browser

