 
 
 
 
 
Best Regards:
 

 
MR. DEEPESH MAJIGAMKAR
Mob:- + 91 9730358718 (whatsapp) // +91 9156366155
Teams/Skype:deepeshmajigamkar@hotmail.com
Email:  <mailto:chartering@varitasnavigation.com>
chartering@varitasnavigation.com
Website:- www.varitasnavigation.com
 
From: Nautical Supply International (NSI) DMCC
<carolina@nauticalsupply.co.uk> 
Sent: 24 November 2025 17:24
To: Deepesh Majigamkar <chartering@varitasnavigation.com>
Subject: NSI Daily Market Report 24/11/2025
 



Hi Deepesh

We have opened soft this morning with the market focused on Russia-Ukraine
talks.

Last week, oil prices had declined to their lowest levels since the 21st of
October, the market weighed down largely due to the prospect of new
sanctioned Russian supply entering the markets if a peace deal is made amid
worries of an oversupply. Softness in the oil markets have extended into
early Asian trade this morning from Friday's session as traders remain wary
of reports regarding any additional progress in the Russia-Ukraine peace
talks. It was reported that Zelenskyy had agreed to work on a peace plan
with the United States on Friday, the same day that the US sanctions on
Rosneft and Lukoil took affect - the US and Ukraine had made a joint
statement announcing that they have made progress in an "updated and refined
peace framework". This could require Ukraine to yield territory and step
back from its NATO ambitions, which traders had previously noted that
Ukraine will likely not want to give these things up and may not agree to
the US peace deal negotiations. Nevertheless, the latest reports on the
matter suggests that Ukraine will agree to these conditions, US Secretary of
State Marco Rubio has expressed optimism that a peace deal will be made
"very soon," remarking that "tremendous progress" has been made in Geneva,
though the details still remain unclear. So far, Russia's oil flows have
remained relatively unaffected despite the many sanctions and tariffs
targeting Russia's oil industry and its buyers, the restrictions failing to
achieve a ceasefire. However, Putin will possibly agree to a ceasefire if
Ukraine gives up some of its territory, signalling that Russian crude oil
flows might re-enter global markets without the current restrictions.
Meanwhile, the dollar index has hit its highest level since late May, making
dollar-priced oil more expensive for many buyers. The strengthening US
dollar has added further downward pressure on the market and crude oil
prices, causing both benchmarks to see losses of around 3% last week. This
has contributed to the bearish sentiment in the markets that's been heavily
affected by rising OPEC+ production amid worries of a supply overhang and
weakening demand.

Buyers of Russian energy commodities have been searching for alternative
suppliers since the announcement of the US sanctions on Rosneft and Lukoil.
When the sanctions had taken effect on Friday, it had spurred Asian markets
to secure alternate suppliers, causing supertanker rates on the route
between the Middle East and China to hit a daily rate of $137,000 last
Friday, the highest in five years, according to reports from Bloomberg.
Notably, since the start of this year, daily VLCC rates have represented a
576% increase. Moreover, Bloomberg reported that VLCC rates on other routes
have also risen to $116,400 a day, the highest since 2020. Recently, a dozen
supertankers on routes starting from the Middle East were contracted for
deliveries in late November and December, whereas rates for smaller tankers
have also jumped whilst traders take up as many available vessels in order
to transport crude oil. Over a month, sanction-related disruptions has
created a swell in tanker rates, causing oil in transit to surge; oil and
condensates in transit reached 1.2 billion barrels in early October, the
highest since at least 2016, according to Vortexa data cited by Bloomberg.
Sanctions has also caused oil in floating storage to increase, further
decreasing the number of available tankers whilst boosting rates. For
example, the number of Iranian oil in floating storage had doubled, topping
36 million barrels, and its rate of deliveries to Chinese buyers have
declined by less than 1.2 million barrels a day, from an average of 1.44
million barrels daily earlier in the year, reported Kpler. Over the past two
months, Asia's oil in floating storage has reached a total of 53 million
barrels, increasing by 20 million barrels, the majority of the oil coming
from Venezuela, Iran, and Russia, which are all sanctioned.

Venezuelan Vice President Delcy Rodriguez has commented on Telegram that the
South American country will double down on its strategic alliance with
Russia, its Parliament recently approving a 15-year extension of its joint
oil ventures with Russian companies. Rodriguez has said that the extension
is a crucial step toward Venezuela's energy development, allowing the joint
ventures - that had been established under the strategic energy alliance
between the two countries - to continue operations until 2041. Venezuela's
state-owned oil firm PDVSA has joint ventures to develop two oilfields,
Boqueron and Perija ( in western Venezuela), with a unit of Russian firm
Roszarubezhneft thats owned by a unit of the Russian Ministry of Economic
Development that was incorporated in 2020. Notably, Roszarubezhneft had
bought Venezuela's assets of Rosneft after the US had sanctioned the two
units of the Russian state-controlled oil giant; the extension of the joint
ventures strengthening the Venezuela-Russia energy alliance whilst they are
both under increased pressure from the US. Delcy Rodriguez stated that there
is "No illegitimate blockade can overcome our energy strengths", meanwhile
Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro commented that he is "ready" to hold
face-to-face talks with representatives of the Trump Administration.

Full detailed market report, click link below:
NSI Daily Market Report 24/11/2025

 
	





DISCLAIMER: The information in this e-mail and any attachments is
confidential and is intended solely for the use of the intended
recipient(s). If you are not the intended recipient, you must not use,
disclose, distribute, copy, print, or rely on this e-mail. If you have
received this e-mail in error, please advise the sender by return e-mail and
delete all copies of this message and any attachments from your systems.
Please do not print this e-mail unless you really need to. Help to protect
our environment.
Juniper Court, Boxwell Road . Berkhamsted, Herts HP4 3ET . United Kingdom .
Click here to unsubscribe.
View this email in your browser

