 
 
 
 
 
Best Regards:
 

 
MR. DEEPESH MAJIGAMKAR
Mob:- + 91 9730358718 (whatsapp) // +91 9156366155
Teams/Skype:deepeshmajigamkar@hotmail.com
Email:  <mailto:chartering@varitasnavigation.com>
chartering@varitasnavigation.com
Website:- www.varitasnavigation.com
 
From: Nautical Supply International (NSI) DMCC
<carolina@nauticalsupply.co.uk> 
Sent: 03 December 2025 17:25
To: Deepesh Majigamkar <chartering@varitasnavigation.com>
Subject: NSI Daily Market Report 03/12/2025
 



Hi Deepesh

We opened up this morning after no clear movement in the US/Russia talks.

The API has estimated that US crude oil inventories had a draw of 2.48
million barrels in the week ending on the 28th of November after seeing oil
inventories drop by 1.9 million barrels in the week prior. In the United
States, crude oil inventories has a net gain of 4.9 million barrels so far
this year, according to Oilprice calculations of API data. The DoE has also
reported earlier this week that crude oil inventories in the Strategic
Petroleum Reserve has hit 411.7 million barrels in the week ending on the
28th of November, seeing a rise by 300,000 barrels. During the week of the
21st of November, US production had dropped slightly, its daily production
lowering to 13.814 million barrels per day, though this is 251,000 barrels
per day more compared to production levels at the beginning of the year,
according to the EIA.

Before the latest US sanctions on Russia's Lukoil and Rosneft, India had
bought roughly a third of all its imported crude from Russia due to the
heavily discounted prices being the most favourable for the country's high
import rates. Earlier this year, India had been singled out by Trump amid
tense trade negotiations for being the main financier of Russia's oil
revenues, claiming that India is directly funding Russia's war with Ukraine.
India had pushed at the time that it would purchase the cheapest available
oil on the market regardless of whether it comes from Russia or from another
supplier. However, the US sanctions has put a dent in India's previous plans
as its refiners need to quickly snatch up Russian crude on the spot market
for December; now all but two Indian refiners had skipped placing December
orders for Russian crude in order to avoid any potential secondary sanctions
from the US Treasury. A former foreign minister in New Delhi, Kanwal Sibal,
had told local media earlier this week that India could reduce its Russian
crude oil imports by 50%, commenting that "We will be gradually reducing oil
purchases from Russia.Already there is a reduction, and there'll be more
reduction. It will be more like a 50 per cent reduction. But some oil will
still come". Nevertheless, Sibal had noted that India and Russia will look
for ways to evade the US sanctions so that some oil flows can keep going.
Similarly, the Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov has claimed today that Russia
has managed to find ways to prevent its oil flows from significantly
declining despite the increasing Western sanctions against its energy sector
and Ukraine's attacks on its energy infrastructure. Peskov had mentioned on
Tuesday, as India prepares to welcome Putin on an official visit later this
year, that the decline of India's imports will only be temporary as Russia
plans to boost its supply and find ways to evade the latest Western
sanctions. Ahead of Putin's visit to India on Thursday, Peskov commented
that "There can be, for a very brief period of time, insignificant decreases
in the volume of oil trade". If the Russia-Ukraine peace deal negotiations
ends positively, the sanctions on Russia will likely be removed, meaning
that India and Russia wont need to try to evade the restrictions. However,
that would allow Russian oil to flood the markets - the mention of
additional barrels has fuelled worries regarding a global glut in 2026,
these concerns dominating market sentiment for a long period of time now and
has pushed prices down.

Regardless of the building concerns of an oversupply amid weakening demand,
Kazakhstan is planning to build a new large refinery, on top of boosting its
existing refining capacity by more than double of its current crude
processing capacity by 2040, said Energy Minister Yerlan Akenzhenov. The
OPEC+ oil producer had a refining processing rate of 18 million tons per
year in 2024, but the expansion of its existing capacity will  be able to
boost the country's oil refining volumes from the current 18 million tons
per year to 30 million tons per year between 2025 and 2032. Additionally,
Kazakhstan plans to launch a new large-scale refinery with a capacity of 10
million tons per year by 2040. These expansions are set to more than double
its oil refining capacity, from 18 million tons per year in 2025 to 40
million tons annually by 2040, and the expansion in capacity plans to double
petroleum product output from the 14.55 million tons that's expected this
year to 29.2 million tons by 2040. The deputy director of the energy
ministry's oil transportation and refining department, Talgat Makuov, had
said earlier this year that Kazakhstan's goal for its refining capacity
would need investments of between $15 billion and $19 billion. stating that
the "Expected investments in sector development, according to the Concept,
range from $15 billion to $19 billion, enabling an increase in refining
capacity from 18 to 39 million tons per year while significantly improving
processing efficiency". Notably, the non-OPEC producer Kazakhstan that's
part of the OPEC+ agreement, has already boosted its crude oil production
this year, pumping significantly above its OPEC+ agreed quota. For several
years, Kazakhstan has been overproducing above its quota and hasn't made
enough efforts yet to compensate for the overproduction even though it
continues to reaffirm that Kazakhstan is commitment to the deal. This year,
Kazakhstan has already increased its production from expansion projects
involving international majors such as Chevron. The boosted production and
plans to increase its output further has added to the worries of an
oversupply, contributing to the markets negative sentiment as we get closer
to the looming global glut.

Full detailed market report, click link below:
NSI Daily Market Report 03/12/2025
 
 
 
	





DISCLAIMER: The information in this e-mail and any attachments is
confidential and is intended solely for the use of the intended
recipient(s). If you are not the intended recipient, you must not use,
disclose, distribute, copy, print, or rely on this e-mail. If you have
received this e-mail in error, please advise the sender by return e-mail and
delete all copies of this message and any attachments from your systems.
Please do not print this e-mail unless you really need to. Help to protect
our environment.
Juniper Court, Boxwell Road . Berkhamsted, Herts HP4 3ET . United Kingdom .
Click here to unsubscribe.
View this email in your browser

