 
 
 
 
 
Best Regards:
 

 
MR. DEEPESH MAJIGAMKAR
Mob:- + 91 9730358718 (whatsapp) // +91 9156366155
Teams/Skype:deepeshmajigamkar@hotmail.com
Email:  <mailto:chartering@varitasnavigation.com>
chartering@varitasnavigation.com
Website:- www.varitasnavigation.com
 
From: Dry Bulk - Reshamwala Shipbrokers <dry@reshamwalashipbrokers.com> 
Sent: 23 December 2025 17:15
Subject: A/c KIOCL or nom 50k/10% - 2 inquires - Date: 23.12.2025 - offer by
1400h IST 24.12.2025.
 
DATE   : 23.12.2025
TO.      : SUPRAMAX/ULTRAMAX DRY BULK CHARTERING DESK
FROM : ANAND S MEHTA - RESHAMWALA SHIPBROKERS 

Please note that offers are requested in line with KIOCL methodology of
chartering vessels reference No.
KIOCL/MTLS/CS/10, dated 16.12.2015. L-1 offer meeting enquiry requirements
to be accepted for charterers
consideration. Need firm offers with validity of 1 working day for lifting
in line with methodology of chartering
and with owners authority of offer. Firm offers to be received by 14:00 hrs
IST on 24.12.2025.

The attached enquiry document should be signed and stamped by the Owner and
scanned copy should be sent to us. 
Also vsl descp and itinerary has to be attached signed and stamped by owner
and sent to us as both these documents
need to be uploaded by us on charterers online portal along with Owners firm
offer.
 
CATEGORY-I : Iron Ore Fines
Suppliers/receivers approvals basis as under:

1. Cargo: Iron Ore in bulk.

2. Quantity: 50,000 MT  10% Owners Option (OO).

3. Lay days:
a. First Shipment : 05.01.2026 - 07.01.2026.
b. Second Shipment : 11.01.2026 - 13.01.2026

4. Load port: Gangavaram Port (GPL)
4.1 Beam: 40 meters max & 30 meters min
4.2 LOA: 270 meters max
4.3 Draft available: Max Draft 16 meters AFT
4.4 Load rate: 20,000 MT PWWD SHINC

5 Disport: New Mangalore Port.
5.1 Discharge rate: 16,000 MT PWWD SHINC
5.2 Draft Available: 12.5 meters.

6 Load port/ disport restrictions: Vessel should be suitable to load and
discharge as per requirements /
restrictions of load port and disport (.)
7 SHINC provisions to be applicable after commencement of lay time. Lay time
to count at actuals when
worked on Charter Party (C/P) holidays. For stoppages if any, during
intervening C/P holidays, lay time not to
count if the vessel is not on demurrage. If the vessel is already on
demurrage, full time to count as lay time
during the intervening C/P holiday.
8 Agents:(a) load port: KIOCL on behalf of NMDC (b) disport: KIOCL on behalf
of NMDC.
Note: The goods are owned by NMDC and is transported for the purpose of job
work.
9 Dispatchers fee: Not Applicable
10 Notice of fixing followed by 7d/5d def & 3/2/1 days arrival notices.
11 Vessels issued with Notice by NMPA/KIOCL on non-performance/poor
performance on previous occasions
shall not be considered against the tender. KIOCL in its sole discretion,
unconditionally and without having to
assign any reason, reserves itself the right to accept or reject the offer
of such vessel.
(A) Load Port NOR/LT:
(B) The notice of readiness at load port is to be served during normal
working hours i.e. 9:30 am to 4:30 pm
on all working days i.e., Monday to Saturday, excluding Sunday and Port
closed holidays, to Gangavaram
Port/agent nominated by the charterers at Gangavaram.
(C) The master of the vessel shall submit a Notice of Readiness (NOR) after
arrival within port limits at load
port whether in berth or not and in free pratique, provided the vessel is in
all respects ready to receive
cargo. If the vessel is not granted free pratique, notice of readiness to be
valid and any time lost for the
vessel to get free pratique not to count as lay time.
(D) Commencement of lay time: Time for loading to count 12 (Twelve) hours
after Notice of Readiness (NOR)
is served and its acceptance by KIOCL. If the turn time of 12 hours expires
on after office hours on
Saturday, Sunday or holidays, lay time shall commence at 0900 hours on the
first subsequent working
day. If the loading operations begin before commencement of lay time, the
period so used shall be
deemed as free time.
12 Discharge Port NOR/LT:
(A) Notice of Readiness to be served at discharge port during normal working
hours i.e. 09:30 am to
04:30 pm on all working days (Monday to Friday) and between 09:30 am to
12:00 noon on Saturday,
excluding Sunday and port closed holidays to the new Mangalore Port Office /
KIOCL at Panambur
Mangalore after arrival of the vessel within port limits and in every
respect ready to discharge and in
free pratique whether in berth or not. If the vessel is not granted free
pratique, notice of readiness to
be valid and any time lost for the vessel to get free pratique not to count
as lay time.
(B) Time to count 12 (twelve) hours after NOR is served and its acceptance
by KIOCL. If the turn time of
12 hours expires on Saturday afternoon, Sunday or holiday, lay time will
commence at 08:00 hours of
first subsequent working day. If the discharge operation begins before
commencement of lay time,
the period so used shall deemed as free time.
13 Other conditions:
Shipment shall be done in a seaworthy vessel classified as 100 A1 by Lloyds
or equivalent classification society
and approved by general Insurance Corporation of India. Owners to confirm
that the vessel is single deck with
sufficient width of hatch openings to facilitate loading of Iron Ore and to
be Seaworthy Classified as 100 A1
by Lloyds or equivalent Classification Society and approved by General
Insurance Corporation of India.
Owners confirm vessel is able to meet all load/discharge port
limitations/requirements/conditions and is
suitable to load fixture quantity basis load port restrictions and available
draft.
Vessel to be suitable for grab discharge and no cargo is to be loaded in
between decks, deep tanks or bunker
spaces or other inaccessible place. The Master to have the liberty of
loading in such spaces for the purpose
of stability of the vessel, but any extra time used and additional expenses
incurred in loading into and/or
discharging from such spaces to be Owners account.
The vessel should hold a valid Gear Certificate in accordance with the
international dock safety convention,
covering the duration of the voyage and same shall have been tested and in
good working condition. Vessel
nominated should have its own hydraulic cranes fitted with Grabs of capacity
10 to 12 Cubic Metres (CBM)
and with 4/5 cranes with a capacity of 25/30 MT to achieve the discharge
Rate of 16,000 MT PWWD SHINC.
Vessel should have minimum of 5 workable hatches. Grabs to be derated in
keeping with grab/crane manual
and capacity to be adjusted as per cargo stowage / density and SWL of crane
under grab operation. It is the
responsibility of the Vessel Owner to ensure that the vessels Grabs/Cranes
are in satisfactory working
condition. In the event of failure of the same, the vessel owner has to
arrange for deployment of Mobile
Harbor Cranes at his own cost for ensuring smooth discharge of the cargo.
All costs and consequences due to
delay in discharge due to cranes not in working condition will be to vessel
owners account.
DG Shipping Approvals are to be done by Vessel Owners. KIOCL (as Charterers)
are willing to
provide assistance for the same. All coastal conversions/ re-conversions to
be for owners cost and time.
Vessel to tender NOR at Load Port, only after vessel is converted to coastal
status. In case owners are unable
to convert the vessel at last port and on arrival at Load Port, then vessel
is to be allowed to give NOR on
arrival but any physical time lost after berthing on account of delay to
commencement of loading due to
foreign status (due to non-conversion to Coastal) of the vessel not to count
as lay time. Actual time and cost
for coastal conversion, if any, will be on Owners account.
Owners to declare exact quantity to be loaded at the time of tendering
definite notice and to maintain the
same. Though KIOCL maintains much more than the requisite cargo for loading
ship, in view of the
constraints faced at loading Ports, during final trimming operations the
exact quantity indicated by the
Master of the vessel cannot be loaded. Charterers have the option to load up
to 1,000 MT less than the
declared quantity without any dead freight claim. It will be owners
responsibility to ensure loading of the
indicated quantity as per the hatch plan. The owners/owners agents at
loading port have to suitably coordinate with the loading port authorities
on the above.
14 CP Proforma: As adopted by KIOCL based on standard shipping terms and
conditions with logical changes
wherever necessary. 2.5 % address commission and 1.25% brokerage commission
/1 % Chartering Service Fee
(As applicable) on freight, dead freight and demurrage, if any, plus GST
thereon to be on owners account and
the same to be deducted from the freight.
15 Indian Income Tax on the freight, if any, shall be for Vessel Owners
account and Charterers shall be in no way
concerned with its assessment, collection or payment.
In case of Indian Flag vessels, Charterers will deduct the TDS as applicable
while releasing the payment.
Necessary certificate would be provided for the amount deducted.
In case of foreign flag vessels, it will be the responsibility of the Vessel
Owners to obtain necessary Port
clearance from the Office of the Commissioner of Customs, (Load Port). The
Vessel Owner shall ensure that
the Port clearance so obtained shall be based on the clearance towards
freight Tax received from the Income
Tax authority (International Taxation). The clearance received from the
Income Tax authority should be
submitted to KIOCL without which KIOCL will deduct Income Tax on freight
payment as per Income Tax rules.
16 90% of the freight is payable on Bill of Lading quantity (less 1%
chartering Fee/ 1.25% brokerage on 100%
freight plus GST thereon, whichever is applicable plus 2.5% address
commission on 100% freight), within five
(5) working days of completion of loading / sailing of vessel and
signing/releasing bill(s) of lading and on
submission of freight bill in triplicate by Vessel Owners to Charterers.
Freight is payable by the charterers in
any case prior to breaking bulk.
The balance 10% of the freight together with demurrage (if any) or less
dispatch (if any) is payable by
Charterers within 30 days (thirty days) of completion of discharge and on
production of (i) copy of bill(s) of
lading, (ii) copy of charter party, (iii) receipt of payment of dispatchers
fee at the loading port (if applicable)
and (iv) owners lay time calculations along with supporting documents.
In case of foreign flag vessels and payment in convertible foreign exchange,
Dispatch money earned shall be
paid by Owners to KIOCL in convertible foreign exchange before submission of
balance 10% of freight invoice
or else applicable GST shall be recovered by KIOCL along with dispatch money
earned from 10% balance of
freight.
17 To enable KIOCL to consider vessel, please indicate vessels present
position-her best ETA at load port along
with full particulars of vessel including vessels owners/ despondent
owners/operator details. Year of built
and hatch dimensions, cranes, LOI, Beam, ISM/SMC/DOC and vessels itinerary,
P&I club, class of vessel etc (.)
Owns/Vessel to comply with ISPS Code/requirements (.)
18 Penalty for Non-performance of this agreement, proved damages, not
exceeding the estimated amount of
freight.
19 Firm offers to be received for covering above requirements by 14:00 hrs
IST on 24.12.2025. Offer(s) received
after the stipulated time of 14:00 hrs IST on 24.12.2025 will not be
considered.
20 Authority from head/despondent owner also to be enclosed along with
offers.
21 Need offers in line with KIOCL chartering methodology dated 16/12/2015.
22 L1 complete offer meeting enquiry requirements to be accepted for
charterers consideration.
23 Offers with deviation(s) will not be considered and rejected.
24 Only those firm offers which confirm the enquiry and are received within
the due date and time as
stipulated in the enquiry (Time is as per KIOCL computers) as the case may
be will be considered. Any
offer which does not meet the enquiry terms will be rejected irrespective of
the freight rate/ terms quoted.
No late offers will be entertained irrespective of attractive freight rate /
demurrage/ dispatch rate /terms.
Conditional offers shall be rejected without assigning any reasons thereof.
25 The owners of L-1 offer will be required to provide all mandatory
certificates and other documents
immediately.
26 Freight rate and demurrage rate quoted should be in US$ only.
27 Special Note: As per our contract terms with Gangavaram Port, they have
agreed to provide discount of 35%
on extant applicable VRC (Vessel Related Charges) in comparison with their
normal rates for handling KIOCL
Iron Ore Lumps/Fines Coastal Vessels at GPL. This benefit is required to be
passed on to KIOCL as discount
on the freight rates finally agreed upon.
28 Please note that the enquiry has been issued for nomination of the vessel
in prompt lay can for supporting
our production plant at Mangalore. Bidders are requested to submit their
offers if the vessel is available
within the prompt lay can only. Offers received with lay days beyond the
stipulated dates will not be
considered.
29 Vide Memorandum No. PD-14033/4/2020-PD-VII dated 11th February 2020,
Ministry of Shipping, Govt. of
India directed as under
Quote
Foreigners who have been to China on or after Jan 15, 2020, are not allowed
to enter India from any Air,
Land or seaport including lndo-Nepal, lndo-Bhutan, lndo-Bangladesh or
lndo-Myanmar land borders."
Unquote
All are hereby requested to note and strictly comply with the above
direction of Ministry of Shipping.
 
++++
 
CATEGORY-II: Iron Ore Pellets.
 
Suppliers/receivers approvals basis as under:
1. Cargo: Iron Ore Pellets in bulk.

2. Quantity: 50,000 MT  10% Owners Option (OO).

3. Lay days:
a. First Shipment : 05.01.2026 - 07.01.2026.
b. Second Shipment : 17.01.2026 - 19.01.2026

4. Load port: New Mangalore Port, India

29.1 Beam: 32.20 meters
29.2 LOA: 245 meters max
29.3 Air Draft: 13.75 meters max
29.4 Sailing Draft: 12.50 meters with tide (12.00 meters with tide from
August to November)
29.5 Load rate: 25,000 MT PWWD SHINC
30 Disport: Adani Gangavaram Port Limited, India
30.1 Discharge rate: 20,000 MT PWWD SHINC
30.2 Draft Available: Max Draft 14.0 meters & displacement will be 98,000
DWT.
31 Load port/ disport restrictions: Vessel should be suitable to load and
discharge as per requirements /
restrictions of load port and disport (.)
32 SHINC provisions to be applicable after commencement of lay time. Lay
time to count at actuals when
worked on Charter Party (C/P) holidays. For stoppages if any, during
intervening C/P holidays, lay time not to
count if the vessel is not on demurrage. If the vessel is already on
demurrage, full time to count as lay time
during the intervening C/P holiday.
33 Agents:
Vessel to be consigned to Owners Agents at loading port and to RINL / their
agent for Cargo related work at
the discharge Port at the customary agency fee (Generally as per fee
prescribed by Vizag Chamber of
Commerce or at actuals) payable by the vessel to such agent. The vessel
shall appoint its own protective
agents for vessel-related work at the discharge Port.
Note: The goods are owned by NMDC and is transported for use in RINL.
34 Dispatchers Fee: Not Applicable
35 Notice of fixing followed by 5 day def & 3/2/1 days arrival notices.
36 Vessels issued with Notice by NMPA/KIOCL on non-performance/poor
performance on previous occasions
shall not be considered against this tender. KIOCL in its sole discretion,
unconditionally and without having to
assign any reason, reserves itself the right to accept or reject the offer
of such vessel.
37 Load Port NOR/LT:
(A) Notice of Readiness to be served at Load port during normal working
hours i.e. 09:30 am to 04:30 pm on
all working days (Monday to Friday) and between 09:30 am to 12:00 noon on
Saturday, excluding Sunday
and port closed holidays to the New Mangalore Port Office / KIOCL (on behalf
of NMDC) at Panambur,
Mangalore.
(B) The master of the vessel shall submit Notice of Readiness after arrival
of the vessel within port limits at
Load Port whether in berth or not and in free pratique, provided the vessel
is ready in all respects to
receive cargo. If the vessel is not granted free pratique, notice of
readiness to be valid and any time lost
for the vessel to get free pratique not to count as lay time.
(C) If, after berthing, the vessel is found by the Port
Authorities/Charterers not ready in all respects to load
the cargo, laytime will not commence until the vessel is in fact ready in
all respects to load the cargo.
(D) Commencement of lay time: Time for loading to count 12 (twelve) hours
after NOR is served and its
acceptance by KIOCL/NMDC. If the turn time of 12 hours expires on Saturday
afternoon, Sunday or
holiday, lay time will commence at 08:00 hours of first subsequent working
day. If the loading operation
begins before commencement of lay time, the period so used shall deemed as
free time.
38 Discharge Port NOR/LT: Service of Notice of Readiness for discharge of
cargo (i.e., Iron Ore Pellets) by the
Master of the Vessel (Masters N/R) :
(A) Upon arrival of the Vessel within the port of discharge and in free
pratique and after being ready in all
respects to discharge the cargo, the Master of the Vessel shall serve to
Adani Gangavaram Port
Limited (AGPL)/RINL (to their nominated Agents at Gangavaram) the Notice of
Readiness of the
Vessel to discharge cargo (MASTERs N/R) in writing at any time in or out of
the office hours.
(B) If, after berthing, the vessel is found by the Port Authorities /
Receivers (RINL) not ready in all
respects to discharge, laytime will not commence until the vessel is in fact
ready in all respects to
discharge.
(C) Turn Time / Laytime commencement at discharge port:
Time to count 24 Hours after Notice of Readiness is served and accepted on
arrival of the Vessel
within port limits of port of discharge and whether in berth or not and in
free pratique and ready in all
respects to discharge the Cargo, unless used. If discharge commenced sooner,
laytime shall count
from the actual time of discharge commencement. If turn time of 24 Hours
expires on Saturday
afternoon, Sunday or Charter Party holidays, time to count from 09:30 Hours
on the first working day.
Sundays and Holidays included (SHINC) provision to be applicable after
commencement of laytime.
(D) No time shall be counted during rain periods or other bad weather
periods, as mentioned in SOF and on
NWWD, as declared by Adani Gangavaram Port Limited (AGPL), even if discharge
operation is
continued for some part of time unless the vessel is on demurrage.
(E) The time used for gangway placement, grab fixing, draft survey and
Customs formalities will be on
vessel's account and time used not to count as laytime even if the vessel is
already on demurrage.
39 Other conditions:
Shipment shall be done in a seaworthy vessel classified as 100 A1 by Lloyds
or equivalent classification society
and approved by general Insurance Corporation of India. Owners to confirm
that the vessel is single deck with
sufficient width of hatch openings to facilitate loading of Iron Ore Pellets
and to be Seaworthy Classified as
100 A1 by Lloyds or equivalent Classification Society and approved by
General Insurance Corporation of India.
Owners confirm vessel is able to meet all load/discharge port
limitations/requirements/conditions and is
suitable to load fixture quantity basis load port restrictions and available
draft.
Vessel to be suitable for grab discharge and no cargo is to be loaded in
between decks, deep tanks or bunker
spaces or other inaccessible places. The Master to have the liberty of
loading in such spaces for the purpose
of stability of the vessel, but any extra time used, and additional expenses
incurred in loading into and/or
discharging from such spaces to be Owners account.
The vessel should hold a valid Gear Certificate in conformity with the
international dock safety convention,
covering the duration of the voyage and same shall have been tested and in
good working condition. The
Gear Certificate shall be made available by the Master of the vessel to the
representative of the Purchaser for
perusal, after the berthing of the vessel. Vessel nominated should have its
own hydraulic cranes fitted with
Grabs of capacity 10 to 12 Cubic Metres (CBM) and with 4/5 working cranes
with a capacity of 25-30
MT(SWL) to achieve the minimum discharge Rate of 20,000 MT PWWD SHINC.
Vessel should have minimum
of 4/5 workable hatches. Grabs to be derated in keeping with grab/crane
manual and capacity to be adjusted
as per cargo stowage / density and SWL of crane under grab operation. It is
the responsibility of the Vessel
Owner to ensure that the vessels Grabs/Cranes are in satisfactory working
condition. In the event of failure
of the same, the vessel owner has to arrange for deployment of Mobile Harbor
Cranes at his own cost to
ensure smooth discharge of the cargo. All costs and consequences due to
delay in discharge due to cranes
not in working condition will be to vessel owners account.
DG Shipping Approvals are to be done by Vessel Owners. KIOCL (as Charterers)
are willing to
provide assistance for the same. All coastal conversions/ re-conversions to
be for owners cost and time.
Vessel to tender NOR at Load Port, only after vessel is converted to coastal
status. In case owners are unable
to convert the vessel at last port and on arrival at Load Port, then vessel
is to be allowed to give NOR on
arrival but any physical time lost after berthing on account of delay to
commencement of loading due to
foreign status (due to non-conversion to Coastal) of the vessel not to count
as lay time. Actual time and cost
for coastal conversion, if any, will be on Owners account.
As the loading of Iron ore pellets is through a mechanical loading system,
the actual quantity loaded onto the
vessel may vary up to 500 MT more or less than the hatch plan given by the
Master. Charterers will not
entertain any claims including dead freight for such variation.
40 CP Proforma: As adopted by KIOCL based on standard shipping terms and
conditions with logical changes
wherever necessary. 2.5 % address commission and 1.25% brokerage commission
/1 % Chartering Service Fee
(As applicable) on freight, dead freight and demurrage, if any, plus GST
thereon to be on owners account and
the same to be deducted from the freight.
41 Indian Income Tax on the freight, if any, shall be for Vessel Owners
account and Charterers shall be in no way
concerned with its assessment, collection or payment.
In case of Indian Flag vessels, Charterers will deduct the TDS as applicable
while releasing the payment.
Necessary certificate would be provided for the amount deducted.
In case of foreign flag vessels, it will be the responsibility of the Vessel
Owners to obtain necessary Port
clearance from the Office of the Commissioner of Customs, (Load Port). The
Vessel Owner shall ensure that
the Port clearance so obtained shall be based on the clearance towards
freight Tax received from the Income
Tax authority (International Taxation). The clearance received from the
Income Tax authority should be
submitted to KIOCL without which KIOCL will deduct Income Tax on freight
payment as per Income Tax rules.
42 90% of the freight is payable on Bill of Lading quantity (less 1%
chartering Fee/ 1.25% brokerage on 100%
freight plus GST thereon, whichever is applicable plus 2.5% address
commission on 100% freight), within five
(5) working days of completion of loading/sailing of vessel and
signing/releasing bill(s) of lading and on
submission of freight bill in triplicate by Vessel Owners to Charterers.
Freight is payable by the charterers in
any case prior to breaking bulk.
The balance 10% of the freight together with demurrage (if any) or less
dispatch (if any) is payable by
Charterers within 30 days (thirty days) of completion of discharge and on
production of (i) copy of bill(s) of
lading, (ii) copy of charter party, (iii) receipt of payment of dispatchers
fee at the loading port (if applicable)
and (iv) owners lay time calculations along with supporting documents.
In case of foreign flag vessels and payment in convertible foreign exchange,
Dispatch money earned shall be
paid by Owners to KIOCL in convertible foreign exchange before submission of
balance 10% of freight invoice
or else applicable GST shall be recovered by KIOCL along with dispatch money
earned from 10% balance of
freight.
43 To enable KIOCL to consider vessel, please indicate vessels present
position-her best ETA at load port along
with full particulars of vessel including vessels owners/ despondent
owners/operator details. Year of built
and hatch dimensions, cranes, LOI, Beam, ISM/SMC/DOC and vessels itinerary,
P&I club, class of vessel etc (.)
Owns/Vessel to comply with ISPS Code/requirements (.)
44 Penalty for Non-performance of this agreement, proved damages, not
exceeding the estimated amount of
freight.
45 Firm offers to be received for covering above requirements by 14:00 hrs.
IST on 24.12.2025. Offer(s)
received after the stipulated time of 14:00 hrs. IST on 24.12.2025 will not
be considered.
46 Authority from head/despondent owner also to be enclosed along with
offers.
47 Need offers in line with KIOCL chartering methodology dated 16/12/2015.
48 L-1 complete offer meeting enquiry requirements to be accepted for
charterers consideration.
49 Offers with deviation(s) will not be considered and rejected.
50 Only those firm offers which confirm the enquiry and are received within
the due date and time as
stipulated in the enquiry (Time is as per KIOCL computers) as the case may
be will be considered. Any
offer which does not meet the enquiry terms will be rejected irrespective of
the freight rate/ terms quoted.
No late offers will be entertained irrespective of attractive freight rate /
demurrage/ dispatch rate /terms.
Conditional offers shall be rejected without assigning any reasons thereof.
51 The owners of L-1 offer will be required to provide all mandatory
certificates and other documents
immediately.
52 Freight rate and demurrage rate quoted should be in US$ only.
53 Please note that the enquiry has been issued for nomination of the vessel
in prompt lay can. Bidders are
requested to submit their offers if the vessel is available within the
prompt lay can only. Offers received with
lay days beyond the stipulated dates will not be considered.
54 Offers received through Ship Brokers not supported with Vessel Owners
Authority shall be liable for rejection.
55 Vide Memorandum No. PD-14033/4/2020-PD-VII dated 11th February 2020,
Ministry of Shipping, Govt. of
India directed as under
Quote
Foreigners who have been to China on or after Jan 15, 2020, are not allowed
to enter India from any Air,
Land or seaport including lndo-Nepal, lndo-Bhutan, lndo-Bangladesh or
lndo-Myanmar land borders."
Unquote
All are hereby requested to note and strictly comply with the above
direction of Ministry of Shipping

AWAIT YOURS
THANKS AND BEST REGARDS. 
ANAND S MEHTA


MOBILE/WHATSAPP
: +91 98210 68513 

OFFICE
: +91 22 6131 7000

DID
: +91 22 6131 7034

EMAIL (TANKERS)
:  <mailto:chartering@reshamwalashipbrokers.com>
CHARTERING@RESHAMWALASHIPBROKERS.COM 

(CLN/DTY PRODS)
:  <mailto:products@reshamwalashipbrokers.com>
PRODUCTS@RESHAMWALASHIPBROKERS.COM

(LPG/LNG/GASES)
(DRY BULK)
:  <mailto:gas@reshamwalashipbrokers.com> GAS@RESHAMWALASHIPBROKERS.COM:
<mailto:dry@reshamwalashipbrokers.com> DRY@RESHAMWALASHIPBROKERS.COM 

WEBSITE
:  <http://www.reshamwalashipbrokers.com/> WWW.RESHAMWALASHIPBROKERS.COM
MICROSOFT TEAMS  : ANAND S MEHTA / +91 9773074441 OR 9773074441
WECHAT ID               : RF_ASM
NNNN
ALL ABOVE GIVEN IN GOOD FAITH WOG. E&OE.
Hi 

 

Request you’ll to kindly register the owners on the ariba portal if not registered 

 

Attached pls find the process of registration. 

Please find the link for submitting supplier request form.

 Link :-  http://sesa-goa.supplier.ariba.com/ad/selfRegistration

Guidelines for Registration Process attached.

For any Ariba related support please contact 

Ramachandra P Kulkarni (Mob :+91 9740672998) 

Sangita Patil : (91)6366933673

 

Regards

Muriel 

 

  <https://efinder.cairnindia.com/SiteAssets/Logo_Dec.jpg> 	





Sensitivity: Public (C4)


