 
 
 
 
 
Best Regards:
 

 
MR. DEEPESH MAJIGAMKAR
Mob:- + 91 9730358718 (whatsapp) // +91 9156366155
Teams/Skype:deepeshmajigamkar@hotmail.com
Email:  <mailto:chartering@varitasnavigation.com>
chartering@varitasnavigation.com
Website:- www.varitasnavigation.com
 
From: Nautical Supply International (NSI) DMCC <stan@nauticalsupply.co.uk> 
Sent: 01 December 2025 17:33
To: Deepesh Majigamkar <chartering@varitasnavigation.com>
Subject: NSI Daily Market Report 01/12/2025
 



Hi Deepesh
We have opened form this morning but still trading within a tight range.

The losses on Friday were mostly attributed to the market's impatience over
the ceasefire negotiations between Russia and Ukraine, perceiving that the
talks to formalise a peace deal is being drawn-out. The founder and chief
executive officer of XAnalysts Pty, Mukesh Sahdev, commented that "It may
take some time for a potential Ukraine-Russia peace deal to go through as
Russia may look to store some barrels instead of rushing to sell them".
Trading had also factored in OPEC's meeting on Sunday, which insiders has
claimed that the group would likely not change its output levels and will
potentially impose a mechanism to assess maximum output caps. Overall, it is
rather unsurprising at this point that the several monthly losses in oil
prices is largely caused by the looming prospect that the markets are
heading towards a global glut, these worries persisting regardless of the
fact that numerous analysts have challenged this view over the past few
weeks. The IEA has predicted that in 2026, global oil supply will outpace
demand by 4 million barrels per day. However, portfolio manager at
Infrastructure Capital Advisors, Andrew Meleney, has mentioned that "The
most under appreciated concept is elasticity of demand for oil: when lower
prices get passed along, we do see more consumption."

In early Asian trade this morning, crude oil prices rebounded after traders
responded to the decision made in the latest OPEC+ meeting to steadily hold
output throughout the first quarter of 2026. The group's plan to maintain
its current production levels rather than make another production hike has
brought some relief across the markets as many continue to be wary over the
prospect of a global glut. OPEC+ has reported that the market is balanced,
claiming that demand is robust enough to meet growing production, however
warnings of an oversupply amid weakening demand has dominated the sentiment
in the markets for a long time now. OPEC's offline production holds at
around 3.24 million barrels a day, with 1.24 million barrels per day making
up of voluntary cuts that been unwound this year. As multiple market
participants and analysts are expecting a global glut in 2026, driven by
rising production from OPEC+ and non-OPEC producers coupled with weakening
demand growth, has resulted in oil prices to remain far below levels earlier
this year. Despite the uptick in prices this morning, the fundamental
headwinds regarding concerns of an oversupply, which has been amplified by
prospect of sanctioned Russian barrels returning to the market after reports
that the peace deal negotiations have progressed positively so far, will
likley to bottle up sustained price rallies in the near term.
Moreover, US oil production has hit another record in September, but it
should be noted that in this month's Petroleum Supply Monthly, the report
hadn't actually included export data. The EIA had to recycle August's export
numbers and paste them into September's balance sheet due to the US Census
Bureau wasn't able to release September trade figures during a funding
lapse, making it significantly difficult for analysts to accurately read and
forecast the market, including the product supplied, implied demand, and net
imports. In simple terms, the demand figures for September is essentially a
placeholder until Census provides new data to provide an accurate
replacement. In terms of production, the figures were accurately reported:
in September US crude oil output has hit 13.84 million barrels per day,
seeing an increase of 44,000 barrels per day. Additionally, we saw record
production from New Mexico which reached 2.351 million barrels per day, and
production at the Gulf of Mexico had jumped to just under 2 million barrels
per day, the strongest rates since before the pandemic. Looking at these
figures, we can determine that longer-cycle offshore projects are doing more
of the heavy lifting as the Permian approaches its highest levels of
comfort. Notably, the rise in production has boosted worries of an over
supply whilst demand in the market is weakening, further weighing down on
market sentiment and putting additional pressure on oil prices. Until
September's disposition in data is sorted out - which the EIA as said that
it will republish September's export data once Census delivers the real
figures - the figures for supplied products will look artificially subdued,
any adjustments will look larger than they normally should, and net imports
wont provide much meaningful information. This is the worst time for the EIA
to be missing export data as market is already overwhelmed with concerns of
an oversupply. The market has been pulled in all directions: OPEC+ argues
about baselines, there's been warnings from JPMorgan, with US shale
flattening whilst the Gulf fills the gap, on top of the forecasts that
there'll be a glut by the IEA. Meanwhile, analysts will have to wait another
cycle to determine how much of that record production had actually been
exported out of the country.

Full detailed market report, click link below:
NSI Daily Market Report 01/12/2025
 
 
 
	





DISCLAIMER: The information in this e-mail and any attachments is
confidential and is intended solely for the use of the intended
recipient(s). If you are not the intended recipient, you must not use,
disclose, distribute, copy, print, or rely on this e-mail. If you have
received this e-mail in error, please advise the sender by return e-mail and
delete all copies of this message and any attachments from your systems.
Please do not print this e-mail unless you really need to. Help to protect
our environment.
Juniper Court, Boxwell Road . Berkhamsted, Herts HP4 3ET . United Kingdom .
Click here to unsubscribe.
View this email in your browser

