 
 
 
 
 
Best Regards:
 

 
MR. DEEPESH MAJIGAMKAR
Mob:- + 91 9730358718 (whatsapp) // +91 9156366155
Teams/Skype:deepeshmajigamkar@hotmail.com
Email:  <mailto:chartering@varitasnavigation.com>
chartering@varitasnavigation.com
Website:- www.varitasnavigation.com
 
From: Nautical Supply International (NSI) DMCC
<carolina@nauticalsupply.co.uk> 
Sent: 11 November 2025 16:56
To: Deepesh Majigamkar <chartering@varitasnavigation.com>
Subject: NSI Daily Market Report 11/11/2025
 



Hi Deepesh

The market is flat this morning and looking before direction.

Crude oil prices have opened lower this morning after Lukoil had declared
force majeure on its operations at the West Qurna-2 field, one of Iraq's
biggest oil fields, due to the US sanctions on the two Russian oil majors.
The West Qurna-2 field produces around 400,000 barrels of crude a day, which
Lukoil had 75% in the field. Following the US sanctions on the 22nd of
October, buyers affiliated with Russian oil have gradually dropped off.
Several Indian refiners have turned to the Middle East and the America's for
energy supply - Trump has commented that India has "stopped doing the
Russian oil - it's been reduced very substantially," in addition to the US
being close to a trade deal with India. Chinese refiners have claimed that
they are also turning away from Russian oil, but it was noted that Chinese
independent refiners will likely continue purchases of Russian energy
products, on top of Iraq stopping all cash and crude payments to Lukoil.
Last week, it was reported that Iraq's state oil marketing company SOMO had
cancelled three crude loading from Lukoil which were scheduled for the 11th,
18th, and 26th, making it apparent that Iraq doesn't want to handle to
now-sanctioned barrels and not wanting to risk any back-lash from the US.
Lukoil has been left stranded with no immediate deal to sell its
international assets after Gunvor, a Switzerland-based commodity trader, had
opted out after the US Treasury had called the group a Russian "puppet" in
its statement saying that "President Trump has been clear that the war must
end immediately. As long as Putin continues the senseless killings, the
Kremlin's puppet, Gunvor, will never get a license to operate and profit".
With no option to sell its assets, including the West Qurna-2 that's one of
the biggest, Lukoil's near-term production and supply from the Iraqi oil
field becomes increasingly uncertain. Generally, this news would push prices
higher, however its effect on prices have been supressed because oversupply
projections have been the dominant sentiment on oil markets. "As OPEC
production increases grind on, global oil balances are acquiring an
increasingly bearish hue on the supply side of the ledger with demand still
trending lower in conjunction with a slowed economic growth path among major
oil-consuming countries," commented Ritterbusch and Associates, an outlet
that shares the sentiment. Currently, traders are keeping a close eye for
OPEC's latest monthly report which is scheduled to be released tomorrow
(Wednesday), along with the EIA's monthly report; both groups have
conflicting opinions of the market and are likely to stick with their demand
and supply projections. Even though OPEC+ has reduced its output hike for
December and has decided to make no increases for the first few months of
2026 - based on demand being low at the start of any year - as a whole, the
group has pushed that demand remains robust enough to support the increases
in supply, viewing the market as relatively balanced. On the other hand, the
International Energy Agency has warned that the markets are heading into a
significant supply overhang amid weakening demand, expecting that there'll
be a global glut in early 2026.

Russian crude oil deliveries to Asia has fallen by 4.2% from levels in 2024,
the lack of increases unexpected during the 2025 season. The Northern Sea
Route is largely used between Russia's oil fields and Asian buyers since it
is seen as a cheaper channel die the journey through it is ten days shorter
than the route via the Suez Canal; however, the route can only be used
during warmer months. In 2024, shipments via the route stood at 1.91 million
tons of crude, roughly equal to 14 million barrels, which the volumes
represent a 30% increase on the previous year. This year, Russian oil
exporters shipped 1.83 million tons of crude, equal to around 13.41 million
barrels via the Northern Sea Route,  most of the delvieries went to China,
and a small portion going to South Korea - according to data reported by
Kommersant daily. For 2025, it was expected that deliveries would continue
to increase, but due to the mounting Western sanctions and prominent ice,
shipments via the Northern Sea Route is predicted to only account for just
1% of all exports, as well as a fraction of total Russian oil exports in
2026.

Nigeria's President Bola Tinubu has been enacting reforms to stimulate more
investments into the industry, which has pushed the country's production
average between 1.7 million barrels a day to 1.83 million barrels daily.
Over the next two years, Nigeria's national oil company is set to increase
oil production to 2 million barrels a day, according to its executive vice
president for upstream Udy Ntia, adding that it will be pumping 3 million
barrels daily by 2030. Currently, Nigeria is also considering to tap 1.7
billion barrels in new oil supply, on top of  7.7 trillion cu ft of natural
gas, after it receives approval for plans with the 43 field development this
year, which involves committing to around $20 billion in investments -
reported the chief executive of the Nigerian Upstream Petroleum Regulatory
Commission, Gbenga Komolafe. The executive also reported that three final
investment decisions for the Bonga North, Ubeta Gas, and HI Gas Project have
been made this year, which will allow them to tap into around 2 trillion cu
ft of new natural gas supply. The breakdown of the FIDs are that $5 billion
is for Shell's Bonga North, $2 billion is for the HI Gas Project (also run
by Shell), and $500 million for TotalEnergies' Ubeta Gas project - the FID's
totalling to $7.5 billion. Although Nigeria is making strong efforts to
build up its energy security and strengthen its position on energy markets,
the nation continues to run into drawbacks that's continuously pushed them
behind. Recently, an audit commissioned by Nigeria's parliament had found
that the state lost around $300 billion to oil theft and pipeline vandalism,
findings are interim and will potentially end up being much higher. The two
main factors for Nigeria's oil production decline are pipeline vandalism and
oil theft, discouraging any additional investments necessary for reversing
production trends and boosting trade. Additionally, Big Oil's strategy has
manipulated their position in Nigeria, favouring other locations with better
prospects. Considering these ongoing problems, the Nigerian government is
trying to reverse these trends with legislative reforms and cracking down on
prosecutions of pipeline theft and vandalism.

Full detailed market report, click link below:

NSI Daily Market Report 11/11/2025


 
	





DISCLAIMER: The information in this e-mail and any attachments is
confidential and is intended solely for the use of the intended
recipient(s). If you are not the intended recipient, you must not use,
disclose, distribute, copy, print, or rely on this e-mail. If you have
received this e-mail in error, please advise the sender by return e-mail and
delete all copies of this message and any attachments from your systems.
Please do not print this e-mail unless you really need to. Help to protect
our environment.
Juniper Court, Boxwell Road . Berkhamsted, Herts HP4 3ET . United Kingdom .
Click here to unsubscribe.
View this email in your browser

