 
 
 
 
 
Best Regards:
 

 
MR. DEEPESH MAJIGAMKAR
Mob:- + 91 9730358718 (whatsapp) // +91 9156366155
Teams/Skype:deepeshmajigamkar@hotmail.com
Email:  <mailto:chartering@varitasnavigation.com>
chartering@varitasnavigation.com
Website:- www.varitasnavigation.com
 
From: Dry Bulk - Reshamwala Shipbrokers <dry@reshamwalashipbrokers.com> 
Sent: 03 December 2025 11:35
Subject: Iron ore // COA // ECI and WCI to China // 1st December 2025 to
31st January 2026
 
DATE   : 03.12.2025
TO.      : DRY BULK CHARTERING DESK
FROM : ANAND S MEHTA - RESHAMWALA SHIPBROKER
 
A/c: Vedanta Limited, Goa, India or nominee.

1. Quantity and Cargo:

a. Parcel Size:
Iron ore fines in 1 or 2 grade in chopt

Proposed quantity
Quantity:
  

Loadport
Vsl type
No of ship't
Qty MT
Volume 
Remarks

1 SP 1 SB JSW Terminal,
Paradip port, ECI.
Panamax
3
80000
480,000
3 shipment per month for Dec and Jan 
 

1 SP 1-2SB 1-2 SA New
Mangalore, WCI.


Supramax
2
55000
220,000
2 shipment per month for Dec and Jan

1 SP 1-2SB 1-2 SA
Berth 10/11 Mormugao
port, WCI bss 12.8 Mts
draft
Supramax
2
55000
220,000
2 shipment per month for Dec and Jan
 
2. LAYCAN:
1st December 2025 - 31th January 2026
Vsl NOR to be tendered within the specified date only
.
Laycan nomination
The Charterers shall give the Owners a provisional notice nominating a
spread of laydays of 7 days, no
later than 10 days before the opening layday.
 
The Charterers shall give the Owners a definite notice narrowing the laydays
to 5 days, no later than 7 days
before the opening layday.
 
The Owners shall nominate a performing vessel latest within 04 working days
of the Charterers definite
declaration of laydays.
 
3. Port of discharge:
1-2 SP 1-2SB 1-2 SA China, CHOPT.
Charterers to declare discharging port on passing Singapore.
 
4. Load rate: 
refer enquiry terms

5. Turn time & NOR:
Turn time
Load Port: 12 hrs usc at each port and as per CP.

Discharge Port: 12 hrs usc - As per terms mentioned in these main terms
(Discharging terms & conditions) and
as per CP.

NOR
Load port:
After vessel has arrived at the anchorage area within Port Limits and is in
every respect ready to load the
intended cargo at the loading port, Master of Vessel to tender Notice of
Readiness at load port ATDNSHINC in
writing by cable upon Vessel's arrival whether in berth or not, whether in
port or not, whether customs cleared
or not, whether in free pratique or not however with washed, clean swept
holds and after meeting quarantine
requirements of respective ports.
Same to be accepted on any day, at any time, in or out of office hours,
after vessel has arrived at the anchorage
area within Port Limits and is in every respect ready to load the intended
cargo.
Other terms as per terms mentioned in CP.
Discharge Port: As per terms mentioned in these main terms (Discharging
terms & conditions) and as per CP.
8. Nomination & Type of vessel:
a. Conventional Single Decked Bulk Carrier (SDBC).
b. For geared vessels only: Not less than 4 x 30 MT SWL electro-hydraulic
cranes + 4 x 10 cbm grabs to be
owner's account. Ship's gear outreach not less than 10.0 meters over
shipside at 100% SWL.
c. Age not exceeding 15 years.
d. Airdraft (WLTHC) to top of side opening hatchcovers (hatchcoamings in
case of fore/aft opening covers)
not to exceed 16.0 meters at any time for gearless vessels.
e. For Panamax: Each performing vessel should conform to following
specifications:
a. Max LOA as per port circular
b. Max Extreme breadth as per port circular
c. Max Fore and aft air clearance, between vertical structures/obstructions,
over hatchways not less
than 24.00 metres.
d. Max Draft as per port circular on the day of loading.
f. IACS classed, Rightship approved (minimum 3 star with a safety score
between 2 to 5), insured by
reputed H & M and IG P&I insurance. GHG rating with E or above. Vessel
always subject to Rightship
vetting approval in accordance with buyers vetting policy.
g. Owners to ensure each performing vessel to be suitable to enter load and
discharge ports. Vessel to be
fully compliant with and any other statutory regulatory requirements in
order to call any Indian ports and
China/or any other destination country Ports time to time. Vessel should not
call any Iranian ports in the
last 10 port calls.
h. Vessel to hold all required valid statutory and trading certificates for
the intended duration of the voyage.
Owners warrant maintaining full Pandi & H n M cover for the entire duration
of the voyage. Vessel to be
classed highest IACS and insured by IG group club.
i. Vessel suitable for loading / discharging of high-density cargo and able
to withstand the usage of
mechanical equipment in holds. Owners unconditionally agree to and accept
double-banked STS
operations at anchorages /berths at chopt.
j. In case, if any of the above specifications are not complied with by the
performing vsl, then prior arrival of
the vessel at loadport; owners at their time, cost, responsibility and risk
to arrange and secure all the
requisite approvals/ permissions from the relevant authorities to load the
vessel as per this contract. In
this case Charterers warranty for SBSA at loadport shall be deemed null and
void.
In case owners are unable to secure above approvals / permissions to berth
and load the vessel from the
relevant authorities, owners warrant to mandatorily provide, an appropriate
substitute vessel within the
original laycan. NOR, if any, tendered by the original vessel shall be
deemed as invalidated under these
circumstances and all time, costs, responsibility and risk incurred shall be
solely on owners account.
k. Owners may request only one vessel substitution(matching vessel specs,
quantity and performing laycan
agreed herein) not less than 4 working days prior commencement of laycan;
however acceptance of same
shall be at sole discretion of charterers; else charterers discretion to
treat this fixture as cancelled without
any obligations to charterers and owners to reimburse charterers claim (if
any) for the differential freight
(on actuals) for alternate vessel chartered by charterers to perform this
laycan and stem.
If substitution request received beyond above timeline, same deemed rejected
and owners to reimburse
charterers claim (if any) for the differential freight (on actuals) for
alternate vessel chartered by charterers
to perform this laycan and stem. Owners to guarantee no further vessel
substitution beyond above timeline,
but any unforeseen circumstances always expected.
l. Owners to warrant and guarantee at the time of nomination of the
performing vessel, as follows:
(i) that the vessel, its owners and operators are not sanctioned under the
United Nations (UN), U.S., United
Kingdom, European Union Sanctions Laws relating to transactions with
restricted countries, persons and entities
(the "sanctions laws") and are not listed on any UN sanctioned party list,
the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets
Control's ("OFAC") SDN list, or the United Kingdom, European Union,
sanctioned party lists;
(ii) that the vessel is not registered by, and the vessel, its owners and
operators are not in any way, directly
or indirectly owned, controlled by, or related to any Cuban, Iranian, Iraqi,
Sudanese, North Korean, Syrian,
Libyan or Russian interests, or to any country, person or entity that may
cause Vedanta or group companies,
a person subject to U.S. jurisdiction to be in violation of or penalized by
the sanctions laws, whether or not a
person subject to U.S. jurisdiction is in fact involved in this charter or
the trade;
(iii) that the vessel has not called at a port in Iran, Syria, North Korea,
Zimbabwe, Cuba or Russia in the past
180 days and does not have on board any [cargo or] bunkers which were loaded
or originate in Iran, Syria,
North Korea, Russia or Cuba or are bound for a port in any of those
countries;
(iv) that the vessel does not have any Cuban, Iranian, Syrian, North Korean,
Sudanese or Russian nationals
on board, whether as officers, crew or for any other reason.
In the event of a breach of any of the above warranties and guarantees,
Owners shall indemnify the
Charterers in full for any loss or damage, expenses of whatsoever incurred
by Charterers. Charterers
shall also be entitled to terminate this Contract, such termination being
without prejudice to their
right to claim damages from owner. In the event that owners are unable to
provide or procure
acceptable security in respect of Charterers' claim arising out of Owners'
breach of this clause,
Owners undertake to take steps to discharge the cargo promptly and/or
indemnify Charterers' in
full for the costs of doing so.
9. Payment terms:
90% to be paid within 7 banking days (Dollar Transaction days in India) from
date of issue of OBL and upon
vessel sailing however always before breaking bulk. Balance Freight along
with Des/Dem to be paid within 30
banking days after completion of discharge.
Any quantity loaded above the maximum tolerance level to paid at 50 % of the
actual freight.
Owners to raise Initial /Final freight Invoice with the unique Purchase
order No. provided by charterers.
Adcomm 1.25 pct on FDD.
10. FREIGHT QUOTE TERMS: (range differentials)
Disport ranges CHOPT
a. NORTH RANGE: JINZHOU - QINGDAO (EXCLUDING QINGDAO)
b. MID RANGE: QINGDAO - XIAMEN (EXCLUDING XIAMEN)
c. SOUTH RANGE: XIAMEN - FANGCHENG (INCLUDING FANGCHENG)
a. Mid Range:
Chrts have the exclusive right to declare the freight option and revise it
if needed within reasonable time.
b. North -Range: USD ___ more compared to mid range
c. South Range: USD_____less compared to mid range
d. For 2
nd disport in geo order or river port chopt; additional freight to be agreed
on open book basis actual
TC equivalents.
e. Demurrage / dispatch BENDS: USD _ PDPR HD WTS.
f. OAP / All Vessel related insurances, costs to be to Owners account.
COMMERCIAL TERMS:
1. Bills of lading to be marked as requested by charterers/receivers. If
requested by charterers, Master to issue
split OBL's and any way authorize vessel agents to sign OBL's in conformity
with Mate's receipts. All owners in
the CP chain warrants that OBL's will be issued and released by vessel
agents within six hours of completion
of loading.
2. Owners to satisfy themselves with all restrictions BENDS; non-compliance
by owners of any term(s)/warranties
of this fixture shall be deemed to be breach of governing charter party. If
drafts at 1st nominated disport are
less than laden departure drafts ordered by charterers; lightening costs to
charterer's a/c.
3. Bank Charges within India to be Charterer's account & outside India to be
fully on Owner's account. All taxes
and charges on vessel and all freights/sub freights to be fully on owner's
account. All charges on cargo to be
on charterers account.
4. Owner's declaration of chain of owners with full style:
a. Head owner:
b. Performing Owner:
5. Owner's confirmation of no existing disputes (financial/non-financial)
down the chain and with related counter
parties: YES / NO
6. Owners warrant that vessel holds full IACS class and is covered by IG P &
I club, carries the required
documentation to that effect and shall continue to do so for entire duration
of voyage. Any
delays/detentions/permission denials by statutory authorities whatsoever;
due non-compliance with above fully
to owners account including but not limited to provision of compliant
substitute vessel within agreed laycan by
owners at no extra cost to charterers.
7. GA/ARB, if any, to be in Singapore and English law to apply for smaller
disputes <100,000 USD; SCMA Small
Claims Procedure to be followed.
8. Stevedores although appointed by the charterers, shippers, receivers or
their agents are under the direction
and control of the master. Any claim for the damage to the vessel occurring
during loading and discharging or
at any time during the voyage through improper or negligent stowage of the
cargo to be settled directly
between owners and stevedores. Charterers shall assist owner's best efforts
basis.
9. Performing Owners warrant that all owners in the current ownership chain,
including desponents, of the
performing vessel have no affiliation / connection to barred /banned
countries / entities as per the latest
USOFAC SDN list and its international versions as applicable. If any
connection / affiliation is discovered before,
during or after the voyage, the performing owners shall be held in breach of
governing cp without recourse. All
consequences including but not limited to blockage of funds /sanctions etc
shall be to their risk, responsibility
and account. Owners shall fully indemnify charterers for any losses, if any,
arising due to above.
Performing owners are deemed to warrant that this clause shall apply back to
back to all desponents and head
owners in the chain of ownership of the vessel for this voyage. All
consequential, including costs, due noncompliance shall be on performing
owners account.
10. The shippers / charterers shall provide "Shipper's Cargo Declaration" as
per IMSB Code prior commencement
of loading. Cargo will be loaded and stowed by charterers in accordance with
IMSBC (International Maritime
Solid Bulk Code) and applicable local regulations. In case owners require
physical verification of the available
cargo prior loading onboard at stockpiles; same to be notified to charterers
not less than 4(four) working days
prior ETA of vessel at loadport(s). Such verifications shall be carried out
only by joint sampling by certified
cargo surveyors appointed respectively by both owners and charterers
followed by testing of the said
sample(s) at single mutually agreed accredited testing facility in India;
the entire procedure being done as per
International Maritime Solid Bulk Code procedure. To maintain continuity of
the cargo loading process, it is
hereby mutually agreed that the testing facilities so selected are capable
of providing required certificated test
results within 24 consecutive hours of the samples being taken. Owners
warrant that this clause shall apply
back to back on all disponents and head owner in the chain of ownership of
the vessel for this voyage.
Irrespective of tendering of NOR by the vessel, the acceptance of the same
at loadport(s) shall be on
acceptance of the cargo by owners / Master / their nominated survey agency.
The owners are fully aware of
the nature of the cargo to be loaded and will ensure that the Master will
act reasonably when he exercises his
discretion to reject/accept any cargo for any reason whatsoever however
always before crossing ship's rails
inbound. The vessel and its owners warrant that once cargo is loaded onboard
it is their responsibility to
ensure that the cargo be maintained in condition fit and safe for the
intended voyage until discharge of the
cargo. Due non-compliance with this clause, any time lost even if vessel is
on demurrage and costs, if any, to
be on performing owners account. Owners warrant that this clause shall apply
back-to-back on all disponents
and head owner in the chain of ownership of the vessel for this voyage. All
owners in the CP chain agree to
contractually exclude M/s Alec Stewart and M/s Brooksbell from Loadport
surveys.
Loadport PNI Survey cost to be borne by the owners.
11. In case original b/l not received by receivers on or before arrival of
vessel at disport, owners / master agree to
discharge against scanned / faxed copy of charterer's LOI as per performing
owners P & I Club wordings; which
to be as per general custom of trade, duly stamped and signed by charterers,
without any bank endorsements
required. Cargo shall be released only upon presentation/submission of
original bills of lading.
12. Master/owners to give notices at loading port immediately upon fixing
advising exact quantity required for
loading, followed by 5/4/3/2/1 days. At discharging port on sailing loading
port and then 10/7/5/3/2/1 days to
agents at discharging port as well as to Charterers/receivers.
13. In the event the vessel with cargo onboard is arrested enroute to the
port of destination due to the reason of
the ship owners dispute down the ownership chain or with any third party,
any loss and or expenses incurred
to buyer/seller due to such vessel arrest shall be on the Owners account.
Charterers reserve the right to
recourse.
14. Covid 19 Clause
a. No Crew change during the Voyage and at discharge Port. Otherwise, the
time and cost lost shall be on
owners account.
b. Any extra loss or cost due to COVID positive cases on board shall be for
owner's account even if vessel on
demurrage
Shifting time from anchorage to loading / discharge places/ berths to be
treated as "Not to count " even if the
vessel is already on demurrage.
Shifting requested by the port authorities due to vessel fault to be treated
as "Time not to count".
If loading / discharge is suspended because of force majeure, time shall not
count as laytime until discharge is
resumed.
Time used for initial & final draft survey to be considered as "Not to
count' even if vessel is on demurrage. Laytime
shall terminate upon completion of loading / discharge.
In the event any member of the crew or persons on board the vessel is found
to be infected with a highly infectious
or contagious disease and the vessel has to (i) deviate, (ii) be
quarantined, or (iii) barred from entering any port, or
the vsl changes crew from lp to disport, all time lost, delays and directly
related expenses shall be on owners
account, time due to this shall not count as laytime even if the vessel is
on demurrage.
Time used for initial & final draft survey to be considered as "not to
count" even if the vessel is on demurrage.
Laytime shall terminate upon completion of loading/Discharge. Rolling &
heavy swell to be considered part of bad
weather. Shifting time from anchorage to loading /discharge places / Berths
to be treated as "Not to count" even if
the vessel is already on demurrage. Shifting time to be calculated from
anchor aweigh/POB whichever is earlier.
FORCE MAJEURE CLAUSE
Force majeure is defined as war, whether declared or not, civil war, riots
and revolutions, acts of sabotage, natural
disasters such as violent storms, cyclones, earthquakes, floods, destruction
by lightening, explosions, fires,
destruction of mining machinery, and any kind of installations, boycotts,
strikes and lockouts of all kinds, go-slows,
occupation of mines and premises, work stoppages whether partial or total,
political disturbances, acts of authority,
whether lawful or unlawful, accidents and/or breakdowns at the mines, at
shippers or receivers works or wharf,
partial or total stoppages of railways, rivers or canals, intervention of
sanitary, customs and/or other constituted
authorities, epidemics, quarantine or any other causes or hindrances
whatsoever beyond the control of the
charterer, shipper or suppliers of cargo, preventing or delaying the mining,
supplying, loading, discharging or
receiving of the cargo.
Load port
In the event of a declared force majeure situation in the load port and
loading has not commenced, time not to
count as laytime or time on demurrage. Charterers have the option to cancel
this charter by written notice upon the
7th day of the occurrence of the force majeure event without liability for
any loss or damage. In case charterers
have not sent written notice of cancellation of the charter, laytime or time
on demurrage will resume counting from
the expiry of the 7th day of occurrence, unless otherwise mutually agreed.
In the event that only part cargo has been loaded when a declared force
majeure situation in loadport occur,
laytime or time on demurrage shall continue to count but charterers have the
option to order the vessel to the
intended discharge port with freight payable on the basis of loaded quantity
only, however owners have the liberty
to complete with other cargo for their own account, provided no comingling
of cargo and on a first in - first out
basis.
Discharge port
If force majeure occurs in discharge port, time not to count as laytime or
time on demurrage. Charterers to
nominate alternative discharge port within 7 days of the occurrence of force
majeure or let the laytime or
demurrage resume counting. Any additional steaming time and actual
additional cost to be for charterers account.
Without prejudice to above, both parties shall endeavour best possible to
mitigate the loss in close coordination.
Loading terms & Conditions:
If a vessel fails to tender a valid nor within the final laydays specified
for that vessel then:
1. The vessel shall automatically lose priority;
2. Charterers shall load that vessel when it is Practicable possible for
charterers to do so without delaying or
interfering with the other vessels scheduled to the berth and the vessel
shall Wait for the availability of the
berth;
3. Under no circumstances shall charterers be liable for any Demurrage or
other costs in relation to any delay
to that vessel or Delay in loading that vessel; and
4. Owner shall become liable for despatch if charterers completes Loading in
a time which is less than the
period of laytime allowed for that vessel under this loading agreement and
for the purposes only
of calculating Despatch, laytime shall be deemed to commence when loading
Commences.
5. A substitute vessel presented OUT OF LAYDAYS SHALL NOT HAVE PRIORITY OVER
ANY OTHER VESSEL.
Other terms as per terms mentioned in CP.
Discharging Terms & Conditions:
1. Discharge rate:
Refer clause 6 of Discharge rate: However, if there is any delay solely due
to receivers default in processing
documents for discharging cargo at discharge port, vessel to be compensated
for waiting equivalent to demurrage
rate.
2. Notice of Readiness:
NOR at discharge port to be tendered ATDNSHINC WWWW Customary terms i.e. A
notice of readiness may
be tendered at any time or on any day, Sunday and Holidays included,
immediately upon the vessel's arrival
at the notified anchorage point, provided that the vessel is in every
respects ready for discharge with meeting
required quarantine as per the respective port requirements. If the vessel
in berth, however is found not ready
in every respects for discharge, then time shall not be counted until she is
ready for discharging. If the vessel is
unable to commence discharging due to Port Authorities denial of free
pratique, then such time shall not count be
counted as laytime.
3. Turn Time:
Laytime shall begin 12 hours at each port after a notice of Readiness is
properly tendered. If the discharge has
commenced before laytime has begun, the time actually used until the
expiration of the turntime shall be counted
as Laytime.
4. Demurrage & Despatch rate:
Rate of demurrage per day or pro- rata for all the time lost and dispatch
money per day or pro- rata for
laytime saved at the discharging port shall be as follows:
Demurrage: USD PDPR
Despatch: USD PDPR
Shifting time from anchorage to discharge places/ berths to be treated as
"Not to count " even if the vessel is
already on demurrage.
Shifting requested by the port authorities due to vessel fault to be treated
as "Time not to count".
If discharge is suspended because of force majeure, time shall not count as
laytime until discharge is resumed.
Time used for initial & final draft survey to be considered as "Not to
count'. Laytime shall terminate upon completion
of discharge.
If cargo operations (discharge) are unable to commence at the Berth/s or are
suspended or interrupted because of
the prevailing weather conditions at the Berth/s, whether the vessel is in
Berth or waiting to Berth, then in that
event such periods of time where cargo operations ( discharge) are not
undertaken on account of the prevailing
weather shall not count as laytime.
5. No Crew change during the Voyage and at discharge Port. Otherwise, the
time and cost lost shall be on Owners
account. Any time delayed or lost, costs or losses or damages incurred
directly or indirectly due to the Crew's
infection of Novel Coronavirus Pneumonia (COVID-19) and/or Crew testing for
Covid 19 and/or Crew illness
of including but not limited to the reasons of fever or cough shall be for
Owner's account, and any such time
lost shall not be counted as laytime or demurrage even if the vessel is on
demurrage. Any extra loss or cost
due to COVID positive cases on board shall be for owner's account even if
vessel on demurrage.
If the Vessel is delayed, detained or quarantined due to any crew member
being found to be Covid-19 positive
or due to vessel's or crews' health reasons, then time from such detention
until such quarantine and/or
suspension is lifted shall be on owners account.
6. any losses or costs or damages incurred by Buyer due to Owner's
non-conformances of the above clause
5, Owners shall indemnify Buyer against such losses or costs or damages thus
incurred, and Buyer, at Buyer's
discretion, has the right to reject the cargo or renegotiate the price based
on the actual cargo delivery time
and the market price.
7. Any additional agency costs or disinfection cost as levied by the Port
will be on Owners account, and vessel
shall obey the local policies at the discharge port in any case.
8. Discharge port agents to be nominated by buyers. Max agency fee capped at
10,000 USD.
9. Other terms and conditions as per CP.
+++++++
The following Tax documents are mandatory for any foreign transaction
(Freight & Demurrage) to be processed as
per Indian Government and RBI guidelines.
. Tax residency certificate (TRC) : for the latest calendar year.
. Online 10F form : for the financial year basis latest TRC.
. MLI declaration (Format Enclosed) for the latest financial year.
. IT NOC
Performing owners to submit their Permanent account number (PAN) issued by
Indian income tax department as an
additional proof of their identity and also as an available gateway to
freight tax payment in view of strict scrutiny of
documents by tax authorities and also in view of increasing pan-based
registrations required in India for performing
owners as per new proposed regulations such as Seacargo Manifest rules.
Once the total outstanding dues are paid by the charterers, Owners to
provide a "No dues letter" towards the full &
final settlement under the governing CP.
Ship owners who are performing Vedanta Ltd ( Sesagoa ) shipment for the
first time, Ariba registration for creation
of vendor code is mandatory for processing freight.
Supplier registration in Ariba.
On being awarded as the L1 bidder, the supplier/owner is required to fill up
the below questionnaire links in Ariba
for the purpose of creation of a new vendor code in our database.
1. Supplier questionnaire
2. Form 2
The below documents are required to be submitted in Ariba.
1. Supplier Turnover for 3 yrs (Along with supporting PNL)
2. Signed MSA declaration.
3. Certificate of incorporation
4. Bank details duly signed
5. Signed Supplier code of conduct
6. Signed GST declaration (If GST not applicable)
7. Signed PAN card declaration (If PAN not applicable)
8. PAN Card & GST certificate (for Indian owner)
9. MSME certificate - if applicable.
"Each Party agrees that it shall not assign, transfer, or otherwise convey
or delegate any of its rights or
obligations under this Agreement or any part hereof (except to the successor
in a merger, acquisition, or
corporate reorganization of the assigning Party), to any third party,
without the prior written consent of
the other Party."
1.25%brokerage commission to Reshamala Shipbrokers
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Bids to be given strictly as per above terms. Deviations to terms not
acceptable.
AWAIT YOURS
THANKS AND BEST REGARDS. 
ANAND S MEHTA


MOBILE/WHATSAPP
: +91 98210 68513 

OFFICE
: +91 22 6131 7000

DID
: +91 22 6131 7034

EMAIL (TANKERS)
:  <mailto:chartering@reshamwalashipbrokers.com>
CHARTERING@RESHAMWALASHIPBROKERS.COM 

(CLN/DTY PRODS)
:  <mailto:products@reshamwalashipbrokers.com>
PRODUCTS@RESHAMWALASHIPBROKERS.COM

(LPG/LNG/GASES)
(DRY BULK)
:  <mailto:gas@reshamwalashipbrokers.com> GAS@RESHAMWALASHIPBROKERS.COM:
<mailto:dry@reshamwalashipbrokers.com> DRY@RESHAMWALASHIPBROKERS.COM 

WEBSITE
:  <http://www.reshamwalashipbrokers.com/> WWW.RESHAMWALASHIPBROKERS.COM
MICROSOFT TEAMS  : ANAND S MEHTA / +91 9773074441 OR 9773074441
WECHAT ID               : RF_ASM
NNNN
ALL ABOVE GIVEN IN GOOD FAITH WOG. E&OE.
Hi 

 

Request you’ll to kindly register the owners on the ariba portal if not registered 

 

Attached pls find the process of registration. 

Please find the link for submitting supplier request form.

 Link :-  http://sesa-goa.supplier.ariba.com/ad/selfRegistration

Guidelines for Registration Process attached.

For any Ariba related support please contact 

Ramachandra P Kulkarni (Mob :+91 9740672998) 

Sangita Patil : (91)6366933673

 

Regards

Muriel 

 

  <https://efinder.cairnindia.com/SiteAssets/Logo_Dec.jpg> 	





Sensitivity: Public (C4)


