 

 

FROM TU OH / CARIS OCEAN CO., LTD

(822)7304593 FAX (822)7304570 MOB (8210)94462296

 

 

GOOD DAY!

 

PLEASE PROPOSE A GOOD BIZ FOR FOLLOWING  CLOSE TONNAGE.

 

MV. STAR SINGAPORE (SCRUBBER FITTED) /OPEN AT KOBE, JAPAN O/A 06 - 08 JUNE

 

BOD: VLSFO ABT 475-500MT / LSMGO ABT 185MT 

LAST 5 : GRAIN(LAST) / UREA / MOP / CORN / MOP / WOODCHIS 

 

 

MV. STAR SINGAPORE (SCRUBBER FITTED)

Last Update:                            27 February 2025

Vessel Name:                          Star Singapore

 

IMO Number:                         9788100

Ship Type:                                Geared, Single Deck BC, 5
Holds/Hatches

Owners:                  Singapore Eagle LLC

Contact:                   umaxops@starbulk.com
<mailto:umaxops@starbulk.com> 

Built / Yard:                              2017 / Chengxi

Flag / Class:                              Liberia / LR

LOA:                                            199.90m

Beam:                                        32.26m

GRT / NRT:                               36,331 / 21,608

DWT / Draft:                            63,386mt / 13.30m @ SSW

TPC:                                            61.5 mt/cm @ SSW

Constants:                                Always to be confirmed by Master

 

                                                      Grain (m3)
Bale (m3)                                  HC Dims (m)

Hold 1:                                       13957.8
13200                                          19.68 x 18.26

Hold 2:                                       17658.3
16650                                          22.96 x 18.26

Hold 3:                                       15353.0
14080                                          22.96 x 18.26

Hold 4:                                       15839.6
15000                                          22.96 x 18.26

Hold 5:                                       15965.7
14750                                          22.96 x 18.26

Total:                                          78774.4
73680                                          -

 

Holds:     Single skin / hoppered tank tops / natural ventilation / CO2
fitted / grab suitable / strengthened for heavy cargoes / holds 2 and 4 may
be left empty

Hatches: 2 section, double skin, folding type

Cranes:                                      4 x electro-hydraulic 36mt swl
hook / 28mt swl grab

Grabs:                                        4 x radio-controlled 15m3 for
free-flowing cargo only

 

Cranes/grabs operate up to and within the maker designated capacities/specs,
with no significant movement of the ship due to wave action and conditions
to be less than Beaufort force 2, Douglas Sea state 1.  Grab capacity
depends on the density (t/m3) of the cargo.  Grabs can facilitate bulk
material grain (particle) size from 3mm up to 10mm.

 

The vessel is fitted with an open loop Exhaust Gas Cleaning System (EGCS),
with overboard wash water discharge capability only, which Charterers are
allowed to use strictly as per the charter party terms and provisions, only
where allowed and only where safe operation is possible.  Vessel's EGCS will
not be used in rivers, canals, inland and/or muddy and/or restricted and/or
low alkalinity level waters as well as in United States and Port Hedland.

 

The vessel is fitted with a Ballast Water Treatment System (BWTS), which
Charterers are allowed to use strictly as per the charter party terms and
provisions; the system will be used in accordance with Maker's
recommendations and vessel's approved Ballast Water Management Plan.

 

Speed and Fuel Consumption

 

Speed and consumption at sea:

Laden:                                        abt 11.5 knots on abt 19.6mt
HSIFO + abt 0.1mt LSMGO per day

Ballast:                                       abt 12.0 knots on abt 17.8mt
HSIFO + abt 0.1mt LSMGO per day

 

Vessel will not be ordered to exceed the described speeds (not even if wog)
during and throughout this CP.

 

Above warranted speeds and consumptions are guaranteed from beginning to end
of sea passage, at open sea, during good weather days, specifically days
with conditions up to and including Beaufort wind force 4 and Douglas sea
state 3 (maximum significant wave height of combined sea and swell limited
to 1.25 m), free from adverse effects of currents and swell, even keel at
summer draft or less, and excluding voyages less than 48 hours transit time
from sea pilot to sea pilot, periods during reductions of speed for safety,
sailing in piracy areas, passages with restricted visibility, congested
waters, straits, narrowed waters, and while approaching, leaving, entering,
and maneuvering within ports, and in extreme hot/cold climates.  Positive
current shall not be used in diminishing vessel's performance.  About
qualifies both speed and consumption and means up to 5% additional fuel
consumption and up to 0.5 knots lower speed.  Periods of 36 hours upon start
of sea passage as well as 36 hours prior the end of sea passage are to be
excluded from the performance assessment.  In case of cold climate,
additional boiler consumption of abt 1mt LSMGO to be expected.  Cost and
time (including any required deviation) to meet (S)ECA requirements and/or
national regulations in operation in ports to which the vessel is bound,
including ballast exchange, to be for Charterer's account.

 

Periods of less than 24 consecutive hours, from noon report to noon report
local time, of continuous good weather to be expressly excluded from
determination of the vessel's performance.  Any performance claims are to be
based on good weather performance only, and when at least twenty percent of
the sea days are good weather days.  Extrapolation from good weather to all
weather is not allowed.

 

Speed underperformance to be offset against under-consumption and excess
consumption to be offset against time savings.  Any excess LSMGO consumption
to be offset against saving in HSIFO consumption and vice versa.  Any loss
on individual passage(s) is to be set off against an overall gain on other
individual passage(s).

 

Only voyages instructed at warranted speed and consumption will be
applicable for determination of vessel's performance.  Voyages sailed under
dynamic speed instructions or recommendations from Charterers or Charterer's
voyage optimization, or weather routing service are not applicable for the
purposes of determining the vessel's performance unless such instructions
and/or recommendations strictly meet the warranted speed and consumption set
forth in this description.

 

Any performance evaluation report submitted to Owners must reflect all
related terms agreed in vessel's description.  Under no circumstances will
any claim be deducted from hire unless and until it has been agreed by both
parties.

 

Port consumption in ports where EGCS can be used:

Working:                                   abt 6.2mt HSIFO + abt 0.5 mt
LSMGO per day

Idle:                                            abt 2.5mt HSIFO + abt 0.5
mt LSMGO per day

 

Port Consumption in ports where EGCS cannot be used:

Working:                                   abt 6.7mt LSMGO per day

Idle:                                            abt 3.0mt LSMGO per day

 

Above excludes additional consumption for ballasting and deballasting,
cleaning holds, and air conditioning.

 

The vessel shall have the liberty to use LSMGO for maneuvering on
departure/arrival, starting of A/E, navigating in
shallow/restricted/rough/busy waters, canals, and rivers, and in case of
emergency.  

 

For safety reasons, Charterers to provide and keep onboard during sea
passages sufficient usable quantity with safety margin of HSIFO 25% in
addition to the anticipated consumption and unpumpables and of LSMGO for
operating the auxiliary engines not less than the LSMGO quantity the vessel
had onboard upon delivery to Charterers.

 

The types and quantities of fuels on redelivery shall always be appropriate
and sufficient to allow the Vessel to reach safely the nearest port at which
fuels of the required types are available. 

 

Fuel Specifications

 

The Charterers are at all times to supply fuel and compliant fuel to the
vessel of maximum Sulphur content 3.5% m/m and 0.1% m/m respectively, and of
a stable and homogeneous nature and suitable for burning in the Vessel's
engines or auxiliaries complying with:

 

a) Intermediate heavy sulphur fuel oil 380 cst grade ISO 8217, fuel
standard, Revision cd 2010 and any subsequent revision thereof: RMG 380.

 

The fuel supplied should have minimum (net) specific energy of 40 MJ/kg and
a maximum CCAI value of 850 otherwise owners are not responsible for the
vessel's speed and consumption performance.

 

b) Low Sulphur Marine Gas Oil: ISO 8217, fuel standard revision, cd 2010 and
any subsequent revision thereof: DMA distillate.

 

All bunkering procedures must meet SOLAS regulation VI/5-1 and Regulations
14 and 18 of Annex VI MARPOL 73/78.

 

Different bunker supplies shall always be loaded in segregated tanks,
subject to vessel's bunker tanks availability.

 

The Charterers shall be liable for any loss or damage to the Owners or the
Vessel caused by the supply of unsuitable fuels and/or fuels which do not
comply with the specifications and/or grades set out above, including the
off-loading of unsuitable fuels and the supply of fresh fuels to the vessel.
The Owners shall not be held liable for any reduction in the Vessel's speed
performance and/or increased bunker consumption nor for any time lost and
any other consequences arising as a result of such supply.

 

BIMCO Bunker Quality Control Clause for Time Chartering

 

Will apply.

 

Marine Fuel Sulphur Content Clause

 

(a) For the purpose of this Clause, "Sulphur Content Requirements" means any
sulphur content and related requirements as stipulated in MARPOL Annex VI
(as amended from time to time) and/or by any other applicable lawful
authority.

 

(b) The Charterers shall supply fuels to permit the Vessel, at all times, to
comply with any applicable Sulphur Content Requirements. All such fuels
shall meet the specifications and grades set out in this Charter Party.

The Charterers also warrant that any bunker suppliers, bunker craft
operators and bunker surveyors used by the Charterers shall comply with the
Sulphur Content Requirements.

 

The Charterers shall indemnify, protect, defend and hold harmless the Owners
from any and against all losses, damages, liabilities, delays, deviations,
claims, fines, costs, expenses, actions, proceedings, suits, demands arising
out of the Charterers' failure to comply with this subclause (b), and the
Vessel shall remain on hire throughout.

 

All details "about"

 

 

 

B.RGDS/TU OH

mail@carisocean.com <mailto:mail@carisocean.com>  (for Chartering) 

ops@carisocean.com <mailto:ops@carisocean.com>  (for Post Fixtures)

Teams: OH TU - Caris Ocean (for chating only) 

 

